Name,NotificationDate,Year,Statement,SentimentScores
GoGet,31/01/2018,2018,"A statement from GoGet’s CEO To our valued members past and present, and other individuals affected by this incident.  We wish to notify you of an incident that has involved unauthorised activity on our system.   On 27 June 2017, GoGet’s IT team identified suspected unauthorised activity on its system and a full internal investigation was immediately commenced. GoGet quickly reported the incident to the NSW Police’s Cybercrime Squad and has since worked closely with NSW Police which has culminated in the arrest of a suspect —an unusual and welcome outcome in a case like this.  Although the investigation by NSW Police is ongoing, it appears that the suspect was accessing GoGet’s systems in an attempt to use GoGet vehicles without permission. In the process, as part of his overall activity on the system, it also appears that the suspect has accessed personal information of GoGet’s members and individuals who have previously attempted to create a GoGet account.   Based on advice from the NSW Police Cybercrime Squad, at this time there is no evidence that the suspect has disseminated any of the personal information of affected individuals.  We commend the NSW Police Cybercrime Squad on making an arrest following a thorough and extensive investigation, and are pleased the suspect will now face the criminal justice system.  This dedicated webpage has been established to provide further information.  We are sorry that this has happened. We take your privacy very seriously and have been working hard to get the best outcome from this police investigation. To read the NSW Police statement regarding this investigation please click here.  We thank you for your ongoing support of GoGet.  Tristan Sender  CEO     Frequently Asked Questions Have I been affected? If you are a GoGet member, a past member or have attempted to sign up to our service, you may have been affected. GoGet has reached out to all affected individuals to inform them of this incident and specifically how it relates to them. We can also confirm that any individual who signed up to our service after 27 July 2017 has not been affected by this incident.  What information has been accessed? GoGet has emailed all individuals affected by this incident to confirm whether their personal information and/or payment card details have been accessed.  The personal information accessed by the suspect depends on what information was provided to GoGet by the individual when they became, or attempted to become, a member. This includes: name, address, email address, phone number, date of birth, driver licence details, employer, emergency contact name and phone number, and GoGet administrative account details.  NSW Police are also investigating whether the suspect was responsible for installing software onto GoGet’s systems to access payment card details of a small group of individuals when they signed up to the service through GoGet’s website or updated their payment card details. GoGet does not store payment card details on its system but integrates with an external, third-party payment gateway service. Only individuals who signed up to our service or updated their payment card details between the dates of 25 May 2017 and 27 July 2017 may have had their payment card details accessed.  Based on advice from the NSW Police Cybercrime Squad, at this time there is no evidence that the suspect has disseminated any of the personal information or payment card details of affected individuals. This has and will continue to be monitored closely by the NSW Police as part of its investigation.  Why didn’t you tell affected individuals sooner? The strong advice of NSW Police was that notifying affected individuals sooner could jeopardise their investigation and potentially lead to the suspect disseminating the information. GoGet’s number one focus has been to protect its members and any affected individuals and retrieve information potentially accessed by the suspect to prevent any misuse of that information. On this basis, GoGet took the view that the best way to secure the information accessed by the suspect was to bring the perpetrator to justice.  What steps has GoGet taken to improve security? As soon as GoGet became aware of the system intrusion a comprehensive review of its systems and processes was commissioned. External cybersecurity experts have assessed the integrity of our systems leading to a number of improvements being made which are intended to reduce the risk of future incidents.  What action do affected individuals need to take? While at this time there is no evidence that information has been disseminated, out of an abundance of caution we have outlined below a range of steps that individuals affected by this incident can take to maximise the ongoing security of their information:  Review and continue to monitor your credit report for any discrepancies or unusual activity. You can apply for an annual free credit report from each of the three national consumer Credit Reporting Agencies (Equifax, Dun & Bradstreet, and Experian) or if you have ever held credit in Tasmania, from the Tasmanian Collection Service. If you notice any discrepancies or unusual activity on your credit report, you can request that a ban be put in place while you investigate further. Relevant contact details are below: Credit Reporting Agency  Website  Equifax  https://www.mycreditfile.com.au/products-services/my-credit-file  Dun & Bradstreet  https://www.checkyourcredit.com.au/MyAccount/Order/StandardService  Experian  http://www.experian.com.au/consumer-reports/  Tasmanian Collection Service  https://www.tascol.com.au/about-my-credit-file/     Review and continue to monitor your financial and payment card account statements for any discrepancies or unusual activity. Contact your financial institution if you have any concerns. Currently there is no indication that you should cancel or replace your drivers licence. Contact your driver licensing authority if you have any concerns Remain vigilant to phishing scams and only respond to legitimate GoGet communications. More information about phishing scams is available on the ACCC’s website. You can find additional guidance about protecting your identity by visiting the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner’s website, as well as the Attorney-General’s Department website.  Do I need to change my GoGet account password? No. You do not need to change your GoGet account password. We have recently written to a number of our members notifying them that they need to update their password. This change was unrelated to this incident and was part of an overall security improvement adopted by GoGet.  Has GoGet notified the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner? Yes. GoGet has contacted the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner about this incident and will be working cooperatively with that Office in respect of this incident.   What else can you share about this incident? This appears to be the illegal act of one individual based in NSW. Given the ongoing NSW Police investigation, GoGet is limited in what it can say about the specific methods used by the suspect to gain unauthorised access to GoGet’s systems and vehicles.  Who do I contact for more information? We understand that affected individuals may have further questions about this incident. We have established this dedicated FAQ webpage and will be updating it if, and when, any new information becomes available. We have also established a dedicated email mailbox (privacy@goget.com.au) and hotline (1800 557 394) in case affected individuals have specific questions.  For any media inquiries, please email media@goget.com.au.","(29, 30, 0.9888034360162143, 0.9937109887599945)"
Facebook,22/03/2018,2018,"I want to share an update on the Cambridge Analytica situation -- including the steps we've already taken and our next steps to address this important issue.  We have a responsibility to protect your data, and if we can't then we don't deserve to serve you. I've been working to understand exactly what happened and how to make sure this doesn't happen again. The good news is that the most important actions to prevent this from happening again today we have already taken years ago. But we also made mistakes, there's more to do, and we need to step up and do it.  Here's a timeline of the events:  In 2007, we launched the Facebook Platform with the vision that more apps should be social. Your calendar should be able to show your friends' birthdays, your maps should show where your friends live, and your address book should show their pictures. To do this, we enabled people to log into apps and share who their friends were and some information about them.  In 2013, a Cambridge University researcher named Aleksandr Kogan created a personality quiz app. It was installed by around 300,000 people who shared their data as well as some of their friends' data. Given the way our platform worked at the time this meant Kogan was able to access tens of millions of their friends' data.  In 2014, to prevent abusive apps, we announced that we were changing the entire platform to dramatically limit the data apps could access. Most importantly, apps like Kogan's could no longer ask for data about a person's friends unless their friends had also authorized the app. We also required developers to get approval from us before they could request any sensitive data from people. These actions would prevent any app like Kogan's from being able to access so much data today.  In 2015, we learned from journalists at The Guardian that Kogan had shared data from his app with Cambridge Analytica. It is against our policies for developers to share data without people's consent, so we immediately banned Kogan's app from our platform, and demanded that Kogan and Cambridge Analytica formally certify that they had deleted all improperly acquired data. They provided these certifications.  Last week, we learned from The Guardian, The New York Times and Channel 4 that Cambridge Analytica may not have deleted the data as they had certified. We immediately banned them from using any of our services. Cambridge Analytica claims they have already deleted the data and has agreed to a forensic audit by a firm we hired to confirm this. We're also working with regulators as they investigate what happened.  This was a breach of trust between Kogan, Cambridge Analytica and Facebook. But it was also a breach of trust between Facebook and the people who share their data with us and expect us to protect it. We need to fix that.  In this case, we already took the most important steps a few years ago in 2014 to prevent bad actors from accessing people's information in this way. But there's more we need to do and I'll outline those steps here:  First, we will investigate all apps that had access to large amounts of information before we changed our platform to dramatically reduce data access in 2014, and we will conduct a full audit of any app with suspicious activity. We will ban any developer from our platform that does not agree to a thorough audit. And if we find developers that misused personally identifiable information, we will ban them and tell everyone affected by those apps. That includes people whose data Kogan misused here as well.  Second, we will restrict developers' data access even further to prevent other kinds of abuse. For example, we will remove developers' access to your data if you haven't used their app in 3 months. We will reduce the data you give an app when you sign in -- to only your name, profile photo, and email address. We'll require developers to not only get approval but also sign a contract in order to ask anyone for access to their posts or other private data. And we'll have more changes to share in the next few days.  Third, we want to make sure you understand which apps you've allowed to access your data. In the next month, we will show everyone a tool at the top of your News Feed with the apps you've used and an easy way to revoke those apps' permissions to your data. We already have a tool to do this in your privacy settings, and now we will put this tool at the top of your News Feed to make sure everyone sees it.  Beyond the steps we had already taken in 2014, I believe these are the next steps we must take to continue to secure our platform.  I started Facebook, and at the end of the day I'm responsible for what happens on our platform. I'm serious about doing what it takes to protect our community. While this specific issue involving Cambridge Analytica should no longer happen with new apps today, that doesn't change what happened in the past. We will learn from this experience to secure our platform further and make our community safer for everyone going forward.  I want to thank all of you who continue to believe in our mission and work to build this community together. I know it takes longer to fix all these issues than we'd like, but I promise you we'll work through this and build a better service over the long term.","(23, 22, 0.9935034539388574, 0.9962657337838953)"
Under Armour,29/03/2018,2018,"To the MyFitnessPal Community:  We are writing to notify you about an issue that may involve your MyFitnessPal account information. We understand that you value your privacy and we take the protection of your information seriously.  What Happened? On March 25, 2018, we became aware that during February of this year an unauthorized party acquired data associated with MyFitnessPal user accounts.  What Information Was Involved? The affected information included usernames, email addresses, and hashed passwords - the majority with the hashing function called bcrypt used to secure passwords.  What We Are Doing Once we became aware, we quickly took steps to determine the nature and scope of the issue. We are working with leading data security firms to assist in our investigation. We have also notified and are coordinating with law enforcement authorities.  We are taking steps to protect our community, including the following:  We are notifying MyFitnessPal users to provide information on how they can protect their data. We will be requiring MyFitnessPal users to change their passwords and urge users to do so immediately. We continue to monitor for suspicious activity and to coordinate with law enforcement authorities. We continue to make enhancements to our systems to detect and prevent unauthorized access to user information. What You Can Do We take our obligation to safeguard your personal data very seriously and are alerting you about this issue so you can take steps to help protect your information. We recommend you:  Change your password for any other account on which you used the same or similar information used for your MyFitnessPal account. Review your accounts for suspicious activity. Be cautious of any unsolicited communications that ask for your personal data or refer you to a web page asking for personal data. Avoid clicking on links or downloading attachments from suspicious emails. For More Information For more information, please go to https://content.myfitnesspal.com/security-information/FAQ.html.  Sincerely,  Paul Fipps Chief Digital Officer  MyFitnessPal Account Security Issue: Frequently Asked Questions 1. What happened? On March 25, 2018, we became aware that during February of this year an unauthorized party acquired data associated with MyFitnessPal user accounts.  2. What did MyFitnessPal do when it discovered the issue? Once we became aware, we quickly took steps to determine the nature and scope of the issue. We are working with leading data security firms to assist in our investigation. We have also notified and are coordinating with law enforcement authorities.  We are taking steps to protect our community, including the following:  We are notifying MyFitnessPal users to provide information on how they can protect their data. We will be requiring MyFitnessPal users to change their passwords and urge users to do so immediately. We continue to monitor for suspicious activity and to coordinate with law enforcement authorities. We continue to make enhancements to our systems to detect and prevent unauthorized access to user information. 3. What information was affected by this issue? The affected information included usernames, email addresses, and hashed passwords - the majority with the hashing function called bcrypt used to secure passwords.  The affected data did not include government-issued identifiers (such as Social Security numbers and driver's license numbers) because we don't collect that information from users. Payment card data was not affected because it is collected and processed separately.  4. What is a ""hashed password""? Hashing is a one-way mathematical function that converts an original string of data into a seemingly random string of characters.  5. What is ""bcrypt""? Bcrypt is a password hashing mechanism that incorporates security features, including multiple rounds of computation, to provide advanced protection against password cracking.  6. What hashing function was used to protect the MyFitnessPal account information that was not protected by bcrypt? The MyFitnessPal account information that was not protected using bcrypt was protected with SHA-1, a 160-bit hashing function.  7. When did MyFitnessPal become aware of the issue? On March 25, 2018, we became aware that during February of this year an unauthorized party acquired data associated with MyFitnessPal user accounts.  8. Do you know who did this? We do not know the identity of the unauthorized party. Our investigation into this matter is ongoing.  9. Who is being notified? We are notifying MyFitnessPal users to provide information on how they can protect their data.  10. What is the company doing to protect my MyFitnessPal account? Once we became aware, we quickly took steps to determine the nature and scope of the issue. We are working with leading data security firms to assist in our investigation. We have also notified and are coordinating with law enforcement authorities.  We are taking steps to protect our community, including the following:  We are notifying MyFitnessPal users to provide information on how they can protect their data. We will be requiring MyFitnessPal users to change their passwords and urge users to do so immediately. We continue to monitor for suspicious activity and to coordinate with law enforcement authorities. We continue to make enhancements to our systems to detect and prevent unauthorized access to user information. 11. I think I received an email about this issue. How do I know it is really from MyFitnessPal? Click here to view the content of our email notice to MyFitnessPal users. Please note that the email from MyFitnessPal about this issue does not ask you to click on any links or contain attachments and does not request your personal data. If the email you received about this issue prompts you to click on a link, suggests you download an attachment, or asks you for information, the email was not sent by MyFitnessPal and may be an attempt to steal your personal data. Avoid clicking on links or downloading attachments from such suspicious emails.  12. I think I received a message about this issue in the MyFitnessPal app. What should I do? The in-app message from MyFitnessPal contains a link to our notice to MyFitnessPal users about this issue. Click here to view the content of our in-app notice to MyFitnessPal users.  13. What should I do to help protect my information? We take our obligation to safeguard your personal data very seriously and are alerting you about this issue so you can take steps to help protect your information. We recommend you:  Change your password for any other account on which you used the same or similar information used for your MyFitnessPal account. Review your accounts for suspicious activity. Be cautious of any unsolicited communications that ask for your personal data or refer you to a web page asking for personal data. Avoid clicking on links or downloading attachments from suspicious emails. 14. How do I change my password? You can change your password by logging into our full site at http://www.myfitnesspal.com. Mobile app users should log in using the same username and password they use in the app.  Once you've logged in, click the ""My Home"" tab, then ""Settings,"" then ""Change Password.""  If you've forgotten your password, you can request a password reset email by clicking the ""Forgot password or username"" link on the sign-in screen of our apps, or by visiting this link in a web browser.  Mobile app users who have not yet verified their email address may receive an error when attempting to reset their password using the ""Forgot password?"" option on the app's login screen. These users can visit this link and enter their email address or username to prompt an email verification request, after which the password request can be made successfully.  15. Will changing my MyFitnessPal password also update my MapMyFitness password? Changing your MyFitnessPal password will update the password you use for our family of apps.  16. How can I get help with my MyFitnessPal account? For help with your MyFitnessPal account, please visit our customer portal.  For U.S. MyFitnessPal Users","(51, 47, 0.9923088807685703, 0.9949960924209432)"
PageUp People,06/05/2018,2018,"Information update 5 June 2018  As part of our commitment to keeping our global community of users and partners informed, we wish to advise you of unauthorised activity discovered on the PageUp system.  On May 23, 2018, PageUp detected unusual activity on its IT infrastructure and immediately launched a forensic investigation. On May 28, 2018 our investigations revealed that we have some indicators that client data may have been compromised, a forensic investigation with assistance from an independent 3rd party is currently ongoing.  We take cyber security very seriously and have been working together with international law enforcement, government authorities and independent security experts to fully investigate the matter.  There is no evidence that there is still an active threat, and the jobs website can continue to be used. All client user and candidate passwords in our database are hashed using bcrypt and salted, however, out of an abundance of caution, we suggest users change their password.  We apologise for any concerns and inconvenience this incident has caused and have developed the below FAQs to help address any queries the community may have. These FAQs will be updated as any new information arises, and should serve as the central destination for updates about this matter. Thank you.  Karen Cariss CEO and Co-Founder","(7, 3, 0.9801284670829773, 0.9722663958867391)"
Family Planning NSW,14/05/2018,2018,"We are writing to personally inform you and apologise following a cyber-attack on our website which may have compromised our online databases.   These databases contained information from clients who had contacted Family Planning NSW through our website in the past two-and-a-half years, seeking appointments or leaving feedback. Since the attack, we have had no evidence that this information has been used by the cyber-attackers.   We were one of several agencies targeted by these cyber criminals requesting a bitcoin ransom on ANZAC Day, 2018. We had the website secured by 10am on April 26, 2018. All web database information has been secure since this time and more sensitive medical records held internally were never under threat.   The situation is now contained and there have been no further threats. We will have our website back online after external security review and internal testing.  We understand that as a client who may have provided personal and/or health information through the appointment or feedback forms, you may be concerned by the potential breach. We'd like to reassure you again this form does not connect to our internal medical records.  If you would like further information, please call us on 1800 957 860 between 9am-5pm Monday to Friday or email us on respond@fpnsw.org.au.  Information security and cyber-crimes remain a significant challenge for all organisations. We are conducting a thorough review of our information security to ensure our clients can continue to trust us for their reproductive and sexual health services.   We have notified the Australian Federal Police and will be working to standards set by the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner following this attack.   At our clinics it's business as usual and it's important that people who need reproductive and sexual health services are not deterred by this. Accessing safe, reliable and clinically appropriate care is of vital importance and we hope you will continue to trust us with your healthcare needs.  Kind regards, Ms. Sue Carrick Chair of the Board Family Planning NSW  Adj. Prof. Ann Brassil CEO Family Planning NSW","(13, 5, 0.995694284255688, 0.9942927837371827)"
MyHeritage,04/06/2018,2018,"Today, June 4, 2018 at approximately 1pm EST, MyHeritage’s Chief Information Security Officer received a message from a security researcher that he had found a file named myheritage containing email addresses and hashed passwords, on a private server outside of MyHeritage. Our Information Security Team received the file from the security researcher, reviewed it, and confirmed that its contents originated from MyHeritage and included all the email addresses of users who signed up to MyHeritage up to October 26, 2017, and their hashed passwords.  Immediately upon receipt of the file, MyHeritage’s Information Security Team analyzed the file and began an investigation to determine how its contents were obtained and to identify any potential exploitation of the MyHeritage system. We determined that the file was legitimate and included the email addresses and hashed passwords of 92,283,889 users who had signed up to MyHeritage up to and including Oct 26, 2017 which is the date of the breach. MyHeritage does not store user passwords, but rather a one-way hash of each password, in which the hash key differs for each customer. This means that anyone gaining access to the hashed passwords does not have the actual passwords.  The security researcher reported that no other data related to MyHeritage was found on the private server. There has been no evidence that the data in the file was ever used by the perpetrators. Since Oct 26, 2017 (the date of the breach) and the present we have not seen any activity indicating that any MyHeritage accounts had been compromised.  We believe the intrusion is limited to the user email addresses. We have no reason to believe that any other MyHeritage systems were compromised. As an example, credit card information is not stored on MyHeritage to begin with, but only on trusted third-party billing providers (e.g. BlueSnap, PayPal) utilized by MyHeritage. Other types of sensitive data such as family trees and DNA data are stored by MyHeritage on segregated systems, separate from those that store the email addresses, and they include added layers of security. We have no reason to believe those systems have been compromised.  Steps We’ve Taken  Immediately upon learning about the incident, we set up an Information Security Incident Response Team to investigate the incident. We are also taking immediate steps to engage a leading, independent cybersecurity firm to conduct comprehensive forensic reviews to determine the scope of the intrusion; and to conduct an assessment and provide recommendations on steps that can be taken to help prevent such an incident from occurring in the future.  We are taking steps to inform relevant authorities including as per GDPR.  We will be expediting our work on the upcoming two-factor authentication feature that we will make available to all MyHeritage users soon. This will allow users interested in taking advantage of it, to authenticate themselves using a mobile device in addition to a password, which will further harden their MyHeritage accounts against illegitimate access.  We set up a 24/7 security customer support team to assist customers who have concerns or questions about the incident.  What Our Users Should Do  MyHeritage users who have questions or concerns about this incident can contact our security customer support team via email on privacy@myheritage.com or by phone via the toll-free number (USA) +1 888 672 2875, available 24/7.  For all registered users of MyHeritage, we recommend that for maximum safety, they change their password on MyHeritage. The procedure for doing this is described in the MyHeritage FAQ article. Once MyHeritage releases the upcoming two-factor-authentication feature, we recommend to all our users to take advantage of it.  For now, there are no other actions that MyHeritage users need to take as a result of this incident. However, we always recommend that you take the time to evaluate your security practices. Please, avoid using the same password for multiple services or websites. It’s good practice to use stronger passwords and to change them often.  Going Forward  As always, your privacy and the security of your data are our highest priority. We continually assess our procedures and policies and seek new ways to improve our approach to security. We understand the importance of our role as custodians of your information and work every day to earn your trust.  Thank you for your understanding.  Contact  Omer Deutsch Chief Information Security Officer, MyHeritage Email: dpo@myheritage.com","(21, 13, 0.994133710861206, 0.9938253439389743)"
Southport Sharks,04/06/2018,2018,"To our valued members, customers, employees, corporate partners, and wider Southport Sharks community. We wish to notify you of an incident that has involved unauthorised activity on our systems. On 9 March 2018, Southport Sharks experienced issues with its point of sale systems. Upon learning of this, we took immediate action to restore and re-secure our systems. In addition, we immediately commenced an investigation with the assistance of IT and Cyber Security consultants. During the investigation, it was identified that we had been affected by 'ransomware', which is a type of computer virus, which resulted in the encryption of data contained on our systems. With further investigation, it was concluded by our IT and Cyber Security consultants that there was no evidence that any of the information contained on our systems was accessed. Despite this, as a precaution, we have taken steps to notify all potentially affected individuals and corporate partners of this incident and how it may affect them. We have set up this dedicated webpage to provide further information and mitigation tips, and a dedicated email mailbox (support@southportsharks.com.au), should anyone have any further questions. We wish to apologise to all individuals and corporate partners potentially affected by this incident and reassure you that we take your privacy and the security of your data very seriously. Thank you for your ongoing support of Southport Sharks. Dean Bowtell CEO, Southport Sharks  Frequently asked questions Q: Have I been affected? A: We have reached out directly to potentially affected individuals and corporate partners to inform them of this incident and specifically how it relates to them. Please check your email (including junk/spam folder), or be on the lookout for a letter from Southport Sharks. We have contacted you at your current or last known email / mailing address. Although we have done our best to notify everyone directly, we confirm that you may be affected by this incident if you were, as at 9 March 2018:  an employee – this includes current and past employees;  a member – this includes current and past members, and junior social club members and their parents / guardians;  an events / functions centre customer – this includes those who made an online booking or inquiry; or  a corporate partner – this includes those that did business with, and were a creditor of, Southport Sharks. We can confirm that any information first collected by Southport Sharks from 10 March 2018 onwards has not been affected by this incident and so any new employees, members, events/function centre customers or corporate partners from 10 March 2018 are not affected by this incident. Q: Why are you notifying me? A: Although our IT and cyber consultants found no evidence that any information was accessed, Southport Sharks are taking the steps to notify potentially affected individuals and corporate partners as a precaution. Once we became aware of this incident, we immediately investigated its potential impact. Our number one focus has been to clearly identify who has been (and rule out who has not been) potentially affected by this incident, and also identify precisely what information was contained on our systems as at 9 March 2018. We have informed those potentially affected by this incident as soon as we practicably could. Q: What information may have been accessed? A: We confirm that no credit card details, Tax File Numbers, or driver's license or other government issued identification documents are affected by this incident. The information that may have been accessed depends on what information you provided to Southport Sharks prior to 9 March 2018, and varies from person to person. However, the type of information could include (if provided): Affected individuals Information Employee Name, Gender, Date of Birth, Address, Telephone Number, Email Address, Next of Kin, Employment Status, Membership Number, and Photograph. Member or Events / Function Centre Customer Name, Gender, Date of Birth, Address, Telephone Number, Membership Number, Email Address, and Company Details. Junior Shark Member Name, Gender, Date of Birth, Email Address, Address, Membership Number, and Parent / Guardian Details. Corporate Partner / Creditor Invoices and Billing Details including: Name, Gender, Date of Birth, Address, Telephone Number, Membership Number, Company Details, and Bank Account Number. Q: What action do affected individuals and organisations need to take? A: With the assistance of IT and Cyber Security consultants, Southport Sharks was not able to identify any evidence that any of the information contained on its systems as at 9 March 2018 was accessed. We have worked with Australia's leading National Identity and Cyber Support experts, IDCARE, to assess the risk of harm that this incident may pose, as well as the steps that those affected by this incident could take to prevent any potential misuse of their information. As a precaution we have outlined below steps that individuals and corporate partners affected by this incident can take to maximise the ongoing security of their information. Individuals 1. Review and continue to monitor your financial and payment card account statements for any discrepancies or unusual activity. Contact your financial institution if you have any concerns. 2. Remain vigilant to telephone call, SMS and email phishing scams, and only respond to legitimate Southport Sharks communications. More information about phishing scams is available on the ACCC's website (https://www.scamwatch.gov.au/types-ofscams/attempts-to-gain-your-personal-information/phishing). 3. Remain vigilant to unauthorised requests to port your mobile telephone number to another provider. In most cases the first indicator of unauthorised porting will be your mobile phone unexpectedly losing coverage and going into SOS mode. If this occurs, contact your telecommunications service provider to confirm whether a request for porting has occurred, and if so, request a reversal. You should also contact your financial institution to temporarily suspend online banking. More information about this type of scam is available on the ACCAN's website (https://accan.org.au/hot-issues/1385- fraudulent-mobile-number-porting-and-identity-theft). 4. Ensure you have up to date anti-virus programs installed on your devices. 5. Review and continue to monitor your consumer credit report for any discrepancies or unusual activity. You can apply for an annual free credit report from each of the consumer Credit Reporting Agencies below. You can also request that a ban be put in place while you investigate further. Relevant contact details are below: CREDIT REPORTING AGENCY WEBSITE Equifax https://www.mycreditfile.com.au/products-services/my-credit-file Dun & Bradstreet (now Illion) https://www.checkyourcredit.com.au/Personal Experian https://www.experian.com.au/consumer-reports/ Tasmanian Collection Service https://www.tascol.com.au/about-my-credit-file/ 6. You can find additional guidance about protecting your identity by visiting the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner's website (https://www.oaic.gov.au/individuals/faqsfor-individuals/social-media-ict-identity-security/identity-security). Corporate Partner / Creditors 1. Remain vigilant to 'business email compromise' scams, whereby a third party could issue an invoice that look like yours but with different bank account details, in an attempt to divert funds away from your organisation. More information about this type of scam is available on pages 22 and 23 of the ACCC's Scam Report dated May 2018 (https://www.accc.gov.au/system/files/F1240_Targeting%20scams%20report.PDF). 2. Contact your financial institution and let them know that your bank account details may have been accessed, and confirm whether there are any measures that they can put in place to secure your bank account. 3. Review and continue to monitor your financial and payment card account statements for any discrepancies or unusual activity. Contact your financial institution if you have any concerns. 4. Ensure you have up to date anti-virus programs installed on your devices. 5. Review and continue to monitor your organisation's corporate credit report for any discrepancies or unusual activity. Relevant contact details are below: CREDIT REPORTING AGENCY WEBSITE Equifax https://www.equifax.com.au/businesscreditexpress/reports/companycredit-report Dun & Bradstreet (now Illion) http://dnb.com.au/business.html Q: What steps has Southport Sharks taken to improve security? A: In addition to taking steps to restore the affected data and re-secure its systems, Southport Sharks is working with IT and Cyber Security experts to conduct a comprehensive review of its systems and processes. Q: Has Southport Sharks notified the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner? A: Yes. Southport Sharks has contacted the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner about this incident and will be working cooperatively with that office. You can visit the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner's website for more information (https://www.oaic.gov.au). Q: Who do I contact for more information? A: We understand that individuals and corporate partners potentially affected by this incident may have further questions. We have established this dedicated FAQ webpage and will be updating it if, and when, any new information becomes available. We have also established a dedicated email mailbox (support@southportsharks.com.au) in case you have specific questions. Q: I am not quite sure what some of the words in this notice mean. Can you explain? A: We have prepared a glossary of some of the terms mentioned above just to help clarify their meaning a little better. Glossary Word Meaning Encryption The process of locking up information or data so that it is no longer readable or able to be accessed. Phishing Phishing scams are attempts by scammers to trick you into giving out personal information. Porting The process of changing your mobile telephone number from one service provider to another. Ransomware A type of malicious software (computer virus) designed to block access to a computer system or data until a sum of money (ransom demand) is paid. Southport Sharks was able to restore its systems and data without having to pay the ransom demand. ","(43, 36, 0.9847643957581631, 0.988877609372139)"
Motorcycle Accessories Supermarket Pty Ltd,14/06/2018,2018,"Dear Commissioner Notification of unauthorised access: Motorcycle Accessories Supermarket Pty Ltd 1.	We write to notify the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) of a recent incident involving likely unauthorised access to certain personal information of some customers and suppliers of Motorcycle Accessories Supermarket Pty Ltd (MCAS). 2.	MCAS is not presently certain as to whether this incident amounts to an ‘eligible data breach’ that requires formal notification to the OAIC under the Notifiable Data Breaches Scheme. This is because, firstly, MCAS is not able to confirm definitively that the personal information was in fact accessed and, secondly, it is not clear whether there is a likely risk of serious harm to affected individuals.  3.	However, in the interests of transparency and regulatory compliance, and give MCAS has not ben able to rule out the possibility that that information was accessed, MCAS is treating this as an ‘eligible data breach’ and providing this correspondence as a statement under section 26WK of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). 4.	Separately, all affected individuals for whom MCAS has relevant contact details will be provided with a copy of this statement and with recommendations about the steps they might take in response. The statement and those recommendations will also be published on the MCAS website.  Description of unauthorised access 5.	MCAS, a wholly owned subsidiary of Motor Cycle Holdings Limited (MCH) is a motorcycle accessories retailer which operates via multiple physical stores and a website (mcas.com.au). 6.	On 21 May 2018, the MCH IT Department discovered that an unknown unauthorised external party had intermittently remotely accesses a computer in a MCAS store (the Computer) since 3 February 2018. Currently, there is no indication that any other MCAS computers have been accessed without authorisation, and the independent ad hoc configuration of the other computers means it is unlikely that they would have been. The unauthorised access did not originate from, or target, the mcas.com.au website. 7.	It is not possible to know with certainty, because the Computer did not have file auditing enabled, however it is possible that the unauthorised users may have copied the contents of the Computer which relevantly included a Retail Management System Database (the Database). 8.	As a result of a forensic investigation of the incident, MCAS formed the view on 4 June 2018 that there was not enough information to determine whether the unauthorised user had accessed the Database. However, in circumstances where the Database was hosted on the Computer without encryption and the user could have accessed the Database, that possibility cannot be ruled out and MCAS is proceeding on the assumption that there was such access. 9.	The information which was contained on the Database in respect of approximately 75,000 customers and suppliers related, variously and in different combinations, to their:  a)	Name; b)	Company; c)	Postal address; d)	Email address; e)	Phone number; and  f)	Fax number 10.	The Database did not contain any other personal information. No financial data, credit card numbers, dates of birth or passwords were stored. All credit card payments for online purchases from MCAS are processed via an external secure payment gateway and MCAS never holds, or has access to, credit card numbers or related information. Steps taken by MCAS and MCH 11.	As soon as the unauthorised access came to light on 21 May 2018, the MCH IT Department investigated the incident. On the same day, the Computer was taken offline and could no longer be accessed without authorisation, thereby preventing any further unauthorised access. 12.	MCAS and MCH have since taken the following steps: a)	Conducted an investigation into the method and cause of the unauthorised access; b)	Conducted an audit of the existing security measures and IT policies with respect to all other MCAS computers; c)	Implemented additional security measures; d)	Consulted with external contractors involved in the management and maintenance of the security of personal information; and e)	Reported the unauthorised access to the following government agencies: i.	Victoria Police Cyber Crimes Unit ii.	Australian Cybercrime Online Reporting Network; iii.	CERT Australia; and iv.	Australian Cyber Security Centre. Assessment of risk of harm 13.	MCAS has undertaken a detailed investigation and analysis of the extent to which the unauthorised access is likely to cause serious harm to individuals. 14.	MCAS considers that, given the information did not include information such as dates of birth or credit card numbers, any access to the information in and of itself is unlikely to cause serious harm. 15.	However, MCAS acknowledges that any unauthorised access has been an external party who has no legitimate reason for being in MCAS’s system and may be motivated by malicious intent. Accordingly, MCAS recognises the potential for that party to use the information in a way that might cause harm to individuals, for example, by the sending of phishing emails purporting to be from MCAS, although it remains unclear how likely that is to eventuate. Notice to affected individuals 16.	MCAS is sending a notice to all those affected customers and suppliers who MCAS is able to contact by email, mobile phone or street address to provide them with a copy of this statement and inform them of the unauthorised access and the steps that have been taken as outlined above.  17.	As it may not be possible to contact all customers and suppliers in that way, MCAS is also publishing a copy of that notice on the MCAS website and publicising it via social media. 18.	A copy of the pro-forma notice that MCAS will be sending, together with the text of the website landing page, is enclosed. 19.	MCAS is taking these steps because, in addition to whatever obligations MCAS might have under the Privacy Act, MCAS considers that customer trust and transparency is vitally important and should be protected. Recommendations about steps affected individuals should take in response 20.	The notice to affected customers and suppliers provides them with the following information and recommendations (set out in more detail in the notice) about steps they should take in response to the breach: a)	Specific information about information security risks such as phishing emails, telephone scams and identity theft; b)	Recommendations about remaining vigilant to such security risks; and c)	Referral to websites hosted by trusted government agencies with information about how to recognise and avoid common information security threats; and  d)	Contact details for MCAS should they have any concerns or become aware of any suspicious activity. Conclusion 21.	Should the OAIC require any further information in relation to the matters raised above, please do not hesitate to contact us. Yours sincerely.","(35, 19, 0.991407813344683, 0.9945703619404843)"
PEXA,22/06/2018,2018,"Hi Community,     On Monday 18 June, at approximately 5pm, PEXA was made aware of a fraudulent situation where a practitioner’s email account was compromised.     In this instance, an unknown party intercepted a change-in-password email sent from the PEXA platform which in turn allowed this person to access the Subscriber’s PEXA account. As a result, the destination account details in the settlement schedule were fraudulently changed.     Below are some frequently asked questions we have received from our members on this matter. If you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to ask below.     HAS THE PEXA SYSTEM BEEN HACKED? No, the PEXA system has not been hacked.     In this instance, an unknown party intercepted a change-in-password email sent from the PEXA platform which in turn allowed this person to access the Subscriber’s PEXA account. As a result, the destination account details in the settlement schedule were fraudulently changed.  WHAT IS PEXA DOING TO MAKE SURE THIS DOESN'T HAPPEN AGAIN? While the PEXA platform itself was not compromised, PEXA is working closely with all parties, including the relevant authorities to assist in every possible way.     The PEXA security team is currently undertaking detailed monitoring of all Workspace* activity, checking for similar scenarios where passwords have been re-set in close succession among other things which may be considered ‘unusual’ behaviour.     PEXA is also in the process of adding additional security measures. Click here to learn more.     Consumer Guarantee     PEXA will be introducing a new consumer guarantee for transactions conducted on the platform. We anticipate this guarantee will go above and beyond any guarantee available in the paper-based settlement process, and will provide greater safeguards to consumers whose conveyancer or lawyer uses PEXA. Further details will be made available shortly.     HOW CAN WE BE ASSURED THAT THE PEXA SYSTEM IS SECURE? To date, over 1.2 million transactions have been successfully completed on PEXA. Instances of fraud and attempts of fraud have been incredibly low, in fact much lower than the paper process.     The PEXA system’s security is aligned with international standards. PEXA continues to comply with with the Model Operating Requirements as set by the e-conveyancing regulator, ARNECC.     An independent expert review, currently conducted by Ernst & Young (EY), is completed annually to ensure alignment with these standards. PEXA has consistently complied with these standards.     Further to this, confidence in PEXA’s system security has been demonstrated by the Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA), Land Titles Office, State Revenue Offices and many software providers (among others) by the successful integration with these parties.  HOW DOES PEXA PROTECT ITS SUBSCRIBERS ONLINE? PEXA protects its Subscribers in several ways. Firstly, the proper use of digital certificates mitigates the risk of fraud once the Signer has undertaken the appropriate checks and balances prior to signing to ensure accuracy of the information.     Digital Certificates allow the electronic signing of documents in PEXA on behalf of clients thereby eliminating the need to print and pen-sign physical documents.     A digital certificate is a PEXA Subscriber’s unique identity online. Anyone signing on the PEXA platform must use one for security purposes.     PEXA also uses encryption mechanisms and ensures all Subscribers agree to PEXA’s security policy to ensure their systems meet a certain standard of security when using the PEXA system.     Visit PEXA’s security webpage to learn more.  WHAT ADVICE DOES PEXA HAVE FOR ITS MEMBERS TO STAY CYBER-SECURE? We urge all our members to take the necessary steps to reduce the risk of fraud. This includes, among others, verbally confirming bank account details with clients, not using free public Wi-Fi, keeping security patches up-to-date and importantly, checking payment directions immediately prior to signing.     Visit PEXA’s security webpage to learn more.      Kind regards  Aoife","(29, 9, 0.996742112883206, 0.996972832414839)"
RCR Tomlinson,04/07/2018,2018,"Dear First_Name, SUBJECT: DATA BREACH NOTIFICATION RCR Tomlinson takes seriously its privacy obligations in dealing with your personal information, which is why as a precautionary measure, we are contacting you to inform you of a recent data security incident that occurred with RCR’s systems. This data security incident may involve personal information that you provided for either a Corporate Credit Card application, or reimbursement of expenses.  On 17 May 2018, RCR detected that an outside actor had gained access to two RCR employee email accounts. We took immediate action to lock out the intruder and resecure our systems, and immediately commenced an investigation with the assistance of IT and Microsoft consultants. Two additional accounts were accessed for no more than 15 minutes on 28th May and were subsequently locked out. There have been no successful logins by the outside actor since then. There is no evidence that any of the information contained in RCR’s IT systems were accessed. Only the email accounts for four users were accessed.  RCR took immediate steps to contain this matter and we are confident that the breach was not due to a failure of RCR’s IT security systems. Nonetheless, we have commenced implementation of additional security measures, including Multi-Factor Authentication, to prevent a recurrence of such an attack. Further, we have reported the matter to the police and will by notifying the Information Commissioner of the data breach. As part of the investigation, the email accounts of affected users were carefully reviewed for the presence of personal information. As a result of this review, it was discovered that the following information provided by you was present in one of the compromised email accounts: Detail It is not known whether the outside actor accessed this information. However, as a precaution we are advising you of this risk.  We have worked with Australia’s leading National Identity and Cyber Support experts, IDCARE, to prepare the attached Response Plan which will give you the recommended steps to prevent potential misuse of your information going forward. If you have any questions about how this incident relates to you or would like further assistance, you can contact IDCARE on 1300 432 273 and quote the unique referral code RCREMP. Please feel free to contact IDCARE as many times as you require. In addition to the Response Plan, answers to a number of Frequently Asked Questions are provided at the end of this letter.  RCR regrets that this incident occurred. We take the security of your data and our privacy obligations in respect of your personal information very seriously. We sincerely apologise for any inconvenience of difficulty that this incident has caused to you. Finally, you can contact Human Resources if there is anything you require or don’t understand, either by email at , or by calling at .  Thank you for your ongoing support of RCR Tomlinson.  Yours sincerely,  General Manager – Corporate HR / IR  RCR Tomlinson Ltd FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS What is the incident? •	RCR Tomlinson aims to provide the highest level of cyber security across its systems at all times and has a number of advanced security controls to protect your information and data.  •	On 17th May 2018 we identified a possible cyber security incident in our online environment and immediately commenced an investigation into the cause and impact.  •	Our investigation found that unauthorised individuals gained access to the username and password of four employee email accounts, likely through a malicious program used to steal their user name and password. •	The email account of one of these employees contained different types of personal information for current and former employees, which had been submitted in relation to Corporate Credit Card applications or reimbursement of expenses.  •	RCR took immediate steps to contain this matter and prevent further access to employee emails, which are now in place.  •	There is no evidence to suggest that any of your personal information was accessed but as a precautionary measure we have taken the initiative to inform you that your information was present in an email account which was compromised and therefore at risk of unauthorised access. Who have RCR engaged with? •	We have engaged with IDCARE who will be providing support services. They are Australia’s National Identity and Cyber Support Service and experts in identity and cyber security prevention and remediation. The service includes telephone counselling sessions with an experienced Identity and Cyber Security Counsellor and a personalise identity repair service involving completion of an initial individual identity risk assessment, including the assessed likelihood of future identity misuse and advice on how to mitigate these risks.  How do I request the IDCARE services? •	If you would like to take advantage of the services offered by IDCARE, please visit their website and use the Get Help now function at the following link https://www.idcare.org/get-help-now using RCR unique referral code: RCREMP •	Alternatively, you can call IDCARE Monday to Friday on 1300 432 273 available 8am till 5pm AEST also using the referral code: RCREMP What is the purpose of calling IDCARE? •	IDCARE will take you through the necessary steps that you could take to prevent any potential misuse of your information. IDCARE have prepared an individualised response plan that will help you mitigate the risk of nay occurring from this incident.  •	If you have any questions about how this incident relates to you or would like further assistance, you can contact IDCARE, on 1300 432 273. How much will these services cost? •	There is no cost to you. RCR Tomlinson will pay IDCARE directly for the services, which are all made available to you free of charge.  What should I do? •	As noted above, a Response Plan has been prepared by IDCARE and has been provided to you along with this letter. Follow the steps outlined in the Response Plan.  •	There are certain steps other than the above that we recommend you take as a matter of urgency. The most likely means by which indirect risks may present is via unsolicited calls or telephone scams as well as phishing emails where such data was exposed and obtained by criminals, because of this: o	Do not answer any phone numbers you may not recognise, and hang up any suspicious calls. Never use phone numbers left as messages to contact.  o	Have your banking client number changed (not your account number, the number you use to log into your online banking). o	Review your transaction records over the last two months and advise IDCARE of any anomalies.  o	Secure your personal home computer and devices by running anti-virus checks and subsequently malware detection checks on systems, and then change your password. Ensure that you have the latest security and patches on your mobile devices.  o	Notify any other financial institutions to confirm there are no unauthorised transactions.  o	Determine whether you use the same contact details to provide instructions to other institutions, and if so, consider changing them (particularly email addresses). o	Do not provide any account information over telephone/email to a person you are not familiar with, unless you have verified their credentials and telephone numbers independently.  o	Do not click on links or attachments unless they are sent by a person or an institution you trust.  How was this incident identified? When did you find out? •	On 17 May 2018, our standard controls identified an anomaly in a payment instruction given to one of our employees by a colleague. The employee immediately notified RCR’s IT Department and the payment was never completed.  •	On that same day, the same employee noticed unusual activity in their email account and escalated the matter to RCR IT. The employee also changed their system password.  •	RCR IT reviewed security logs and identified one other RCR employee user account that had been accessed from the same IP location as the original attacker. This RCR employee user account was locked and the password changed. Two other accounts were briefly accessed for less than 15 minutes on 28th May. These accounts were locked and passwords changed. There have been no other successful logins by the attacker since then.  •	RCR took further and immediate steps to contain this matter across the network, which were all successful. The outside source only accessed the email account and Skype account of four users; there was no access to other RCR IT systems.  •	We also continued to investigate the nature of the breach and by 7th June 2018 had identified and assessed the personal information present in the compromised email accounts. Why did you not inform me straight away as soon as the breach was discovered? •	As soon as the anomaly was discovered and our investigation found client information had been accessed, our immediate priority was to investigate the cause and extent of the issue and take immediate steps to contain this matter and remediate any losses. •	While acting in accordance with our legal obligations, it was also important that we involved experts to help ensure you were best protected from the impacts of this incident, and to make available to you a range of services to assist you in dealing with this matter.  What steps did you take when the incident was discovered? •	We immediately investigated the potential technological causes of the issue and the extent of the unauthorised activity.  •	Security log history is only available for activity that has occurred up to one month prior. Consequently, RCR reviewed the log history available from 18th April and identified access to the employee user accounts over the period 22 April to 17th May 2018. Due to these limitations in the log file history, we are unable to determine whether unauthorised access occurred prior to 18th April 2018. •	We have taken steps to successfully remove access to any further information as a result of this, both in relation to the particular employees and more generally across our systems.  •	We identified the personal information of individuals that was present in the email account of the first employee and undertook a thorough review to determine what risks may arise from the unauthorised access of this personal information. •	We have assessed the situation and are of the view that because of this – as well as a small number of other emails that contained personal information – we should notify our impacted employees of the situation and provide assistance.  We also involved experts to help ensure our clients are best protected from the impact of this issue, including offering the services of IDCARE who are experts in identity and cyber security prevention to assist you in dealing with this matter free of charge. What personal details were obtained? Are my personal details safe? •	The type of personal information that may have been accessed varies from person to person but included: o	Name o	Email address o	Mobile o	Landline phone numbers o	Residential address o	Date of birth o	Drivers licence o	Medicare card o	Bank account and BSB o	Health insurance card •	RCR has advised you of your specific information which was present in the email account. What will RCR Tomlinson do if I experience any financial loss or my personal details have been misused? •	We have taken prompt precautionary steps to ensure that no other data was accessed on our systems and have engaged with IDCARE to take you through the necessary steps that you must take to prevent any potential misuse of your information going forward. •	However, if you do have any concerns about possible loss or misuse please let us know immediately as there is a range of services available to assist you. I am going to seek legal advice in regard to this incident. •	We understand you may wish to seek legal advice in regard to this incident. •	In the meantime, there is also a range of services available to assist you in dealing with this matter free of charge. I am not satisfied with RCR Tomlinson’s management of this incident. Who can I speak to? •	RCR regrets that this incident occurred and sincerely apologises for any inconvenience caused. We do understand that you may have more questions and may require additional information from us. •	If you have any additional questions or wish to make a complaint, please liaise with your human resources contact in the first instance who will escalate accordingly.  •	If your concern relates to your personal information and the steps RCR has taken to keep it secure, then you can contact the Privacy Commissioner at the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner:  Phone: 1300 363 992 Email: enquiries@oaic.gov.au Fax: +61 2 9284 9666 Post: GPO Box 5218, Sydney NSW 2001 Have any other staff members’ computers or devices been affected? •	Our investigation found that this was an isolated incident targeting 4 employee email accounts, and no other accounts used by RCR personnel were affected. •	This is a typical method of operation for these types of attack, but as soon as the employee discovered both the anomaly and the unusual activity RCR immediately investigated the potential technological causes of the issue and the extent of the unauthorised activity. Has RCR Tomlinson notified the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner? •	RCR Tomlinson has followed the procedures recommended by the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner in the first instance, and is notifying the OAIC within the recommended time frames. Is RCR Tomlinson safe? How do I know this won’t happen again? What practices have been put in place? •	RCR Tomlinson aims to provide the highest level of security at all times, and has a number of advanced security controls to protect your information and data. •	Our employees are our priority, and we assure you that steps are already being taken to best protect you from any incidents of this nature in the future.                                    ","(46, 60, 0.9820214315601017, 0.9854246179262797)"
The Perth Mint,08/09/2018,2018,"The Perth Mint has experienced a data breach which involves 13 Depository Online customers, CEO Richard Hayes announced today.  The result of our forensic investigation to date indicates that the breach occurred as a result of data being taken from information held by a third-party provider.  Mr Hayes said the ongoing investigation has confirmed all investments held at The Perth Mint remain secure and unaffected.  ""We identified the potential breach on Wednesday this week and immediately began a comprehensive forensic investigation to verify the nature and extent of the breach,"" he said.  ""We are working with the external third-party provider to understand how this breach occurred and have taken steps to remediate the identified threat.  ""We are in the process of contacting each of the customers whose data has been accessed. We sincerely regret any distress caused by the misconduct of these unlawful individuals who are responsible for this breach. We have assured these customers that their investments remain safe and secure.  ""The Perth Mint has also provided advice to these customers to prevent their personal information from being misused.  ""We are very disappointed this has occurred but can assure our customers that our systems remain secure and that there is no threat to their account holdings.""  The Perth Mint has provided details of the breach to the Western Australian Police and is in the process of notifying the Australian Federal Police and the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner, in accordance with its policies. Mr Hayes said Depository Online investors represented only a small group of The Perth Mint's customer base and he was confident that no data belonging to any other investors or customers had been accessed.  The Perth Mint is actively monitoring the situation and is contacting its Depository Online customer base to ensure all customers are fully informed.  ""Our clients can be assured that we are doing everything in our power to assist those customers whose information has been accessed,"" he said.  Information for customers is available on The Perth Mint website or by calling the dedicated hotline on +61 8 9421 7250.  ENDS","(10, 6, 0.9962791979312897, 0.993985652923584)"
Facebook,28/09/2018,2018,"On the afternoon of Tuesday, September 25, our engineering team discovered a security issue affecting almost 50 million accounts. We’re taking this incredibly seriously and wanted to let everyone know what’s happened and the immediate action we’ve taken to protect people’s security.  Our investigation is still in its early stages. But it’s clear that attackers exploited a vulnerability in Facebook’s code that impacted “View As” a feature that lets people see what their own profile looks like to someone else. This allowed them to steal Facebook access tokens which they could then use to take over people’s accounts. Access tokens are the equivalent of digital keys that keep people logged in to Facebook so they don’t need to re-enter their password every time they use the app.  Here is the action we have already taken. First, we’ve fixed the vulnerability and informed law enforcement.  Second, we have reset the access tokens of the almost 50 million accounts we know were affected to protect their security. We’re also taking the precautionary step of resetting access tokens for another 40 million accounts that have been subject to a “View As” look-up in the last year. As a result, around 90 million people will now have to log back in to Facebook, or any of their apps that use Facebook Login. After they have logged back in, people will get a notification at the top of their News Feed explaining what happened.  Third, we’re temporarily turning off the “View As” feature while we conduct a thorough security review. (Update on May 14, 2019 at 9AM PT: We have completed our security review and are re-enabling the version of the “View As” feature that lets people see what their profile looks like to people they aren’t friends with on Facebook. This version was unaffected by the security incident and was significantly more popular than “View as Specific Person.”)  This attack exploited the complex interaction of multiple issues in our code. It stemmed from a change we made to our video uploading feature in July 2017, which impacted “View As.” The attackers not only needed to find this vulnerability and use it to get an access token, they then had to pivot from that account to others to steal more tokens.  Since we’ve only just started our investigation, we have yet to determine whether these accounts were misused or any information accessed. We also don’t know who’s behind these attacks or where they’re based. We’re working hard to better understand these details — and we will update this post when we have more information, or if the facts change. In addition, if we find more affected accounts, we will immediately reset their access tokens.  People’s privacy and security is incredibly important, and we’re sorry this happened. It’s why we’ve taken immediate action to secure these accounts and let users know what happened. There’s no need for anyone to change their passwords. But people who are having trouble logging back into Facebook — for example because they’ve forgotten their password — should visit our Help Center. And if anyone wants to take the precautionary action of logging out of Facebook, they should visit the “Security and Login” section in settings. It lists the places people are logged into Facebook with a one-click option to log out of them all.","(9, 17, 0.9792490469084846, 0.9944157004356384)"
Austal,01/11/2018,2018,"Austal Limited (ASX:ASB) advised that its Australian business has detected and responded to a breach of the company's data management systems by an unknown offender.   Austal referred this matter to the Australian Cyber Security Centre (ACSC) and the Australian Federal Police who have provided ongoing assistance and advice. Austal Australia's Information Systems and Technology (IS&T) team have restored the security and integrity of the company's data systems and have implemented, and continues to implement, additional security measures to prevent further breaches. A small number of stakeholders who were potentially directly impacted have been informed.   The data breach has had no impact on Austal's ongoing operations. Austal's business in the United States is unaffected by this issue as the computer systems are not linked.  No company wants to lose control of its information, but there is no evidence to date to suggest that information affecting national security nor the commercial operations of the company have been stolen: ship design drawings which may be distributed to customers and fabrication sub-contractors or suppliers are neither sensitive nor classified.  Some staff email addresses and mobile phone numbers were accessed and these staff members have been informed accordingly. The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner will be involved as required.  Following the breach the offender purported to offer certain materials for sale on the internet and engage in extortion. The company has not and will not respond to the extortion attempts.  Austal cannot provide any additional information at this time.  Futher information: Contact: Cameron Morse Mobile: +61 433 886 871 Website: www.austal.com  About Austal Austal is an Australian shipbuilder and global defence prime contractor which designs constructs and sustains some of the world's most advanced commercial and defence vessels. Austal successfully balances commercial and defence projects and celebrates 30 years of success in 2018. Austal has designed, constructed and delivered more than 300 commercial and defence vessels for more than 100 operators in 54 countries worldwide.  Austal is Australia's largest defence exporter and the only ASX-listed shipbuilder. Austal has industry leading shipyards in Australia, the United States of America and Philippines and service centres worldwide.  Austal delivers iconic monohull, catamaran and trimaran commercial vessel platforms - including the world's largest trimaran ferry and multiple defence programs such as the Littoral Combat Ship (LCS) and Expeditionary Fast Transport (EPF) for the United States Navy. Austal has grown to become the world's largest aluminium shipbuilder. ","(13, 6, 0.9815370623882, 0.9971578021844228)"
Marriott,30/11/2018,2018,"Marriott has taken measures to investigate and address a data security incident involving the Starwood guest reservation database.  On November 19, 2018, the investigation determined that there was unauthorized access to the database, which contained guest information relating to reservations at Starwood properties* on or before September 10, 2018.  On September 8, 2018, Marriott received an alert from an internal security tool regarding an attempt to access the Starwood guest reservation database in the United States.  Marriott quickly engaged leading security experts to help determine what occurred.  Marriott learned during the investigation that there had been unauthorized access to the Starwood network since 2014.  The company recently discovered that an unauthorized party had copied and encrypted information, and took steps towards removing it.  On November 19, 2018, Marriott was able to decrypt the information and determined that the contents were from the Starwood guest reservation database.  The company has not finished identifying duplicate information in the database, but believes it contains information on up to approximately 500 million guests who made a reservation at a Starwood property.  For approximately 327 million of these guests, the information includes some combination of name, mailing address, phone number, email address, passport number, Starwood Preferred Guest (“SPG”) account information, date of birth, gender, arrival and departure information, reservation date, and communication preferences.  For some, the information also includes payment card numbers and payment card expiration dates, but the payment card numbers were encrypted using Advanced Encryption Standard encryption (AES-128).  There are two components needed to decrypt the payment card numbers, and at this point, Marriott has not been able to rule out the possibility that both were taken.  For the remaining guests, the information was limited to name and sometimes other data such as mailing address, email address, or other information.  Marriott reported this incident to law enforcement and continues to support their investigation.  The company has already begun notifying regulatory authorities.  “We deeply regret this incident happened,” said Arne Sorenson, Marriott’s President and Chief Executive Officer.  “We fell short of what our guests deserve and what we expect of ourselves.  We are doing everything we can to support our guests, and using lessons learned to be better moving forward.”  “Today, Marriott is reaffirming our commitment to our guests around the world.  We are working hard to ensure our guests have answers to questions about their personal information, with a dedicated website and call center.  We will also continue to support the efforts of law enforcement and to work with leading security experts to improve.  Finally, we are devoting the resources necessary to phase out Starwood systems and accelerate the ongoing security enhancements to our network,” Mr. Sorenson continued.  Guest Support Marriott has taken the following steps to help guests monitor and protect their information:  Dedicated Website and Call Center We have established a dedicated website ( info.starwoodhotels.com) and call center to answer questions you may have about this incident. The frequently-asked questions on info.starwoodhotels.com may be supplemented from time to time.  The call center is open seven days a week and is available in multiple languages.  Call volume may be high, and we appreciate your patience.  Email Notification Marriott will begin sending emails on a rolling basis starting today, November 30, 2018, to affected guests whose email addresses are in the Starwood guest reservation database.  Free WebWatcher Enrollment Marriott is providing guests the opportunity to enroll in WebWatcher free of charge for one year. WebWatcher monitors internet sites where personal information is shared and generates an alert to the consumer if evidence of the consumer’s personal information is found.  Due to regulatory and other reasons, WebWatcher or similar products are not available in all countries.  Guests from the United States who activate WebWatcher will also be provided fraud consultation services and reimbursement coverage for free.  To activate WebWatcher, go to info.starwoodhotels.com and click on your country, if listed, for enrollment.  Marriott is furnishing a Form 8-K with the SEC attaching a copy of this press release and presenting certain other information with respect to the incident.  * Starwood brands include: W Hotels, St. Regis, Sheraton Hotels & Resorts, Westin Hotels & Resorts, Element Hotels, Aloft Hotels, The Luxury Collection, Tribute Portfolio, Le Méridien Hotels & Resorts, Four Points by Sheraton and Design Hotels. Starwood branded timeshare properties are also included.  Marriott International, Inc. (NASDAQ:  MAR) is based in Bethesda, Maryland, USA, and encompasses a portfolio of more than 6,700 properties in 30 leading hotel brands spanning 129 countries and territories. Marriott operates and franchises hotels and licenses vacation ownership resorts all around the world. The company also operates award-winning loyalty programs: Marriott Rewards®, which includes The Ritz-Carlton Rewards®, and Starwood Preferred Guest®. For more information, please visit our website at  www.marriott.com, and for the latest company news, visit  www.marriottnewscenter.com. In addition, connect with us on  Facebook and @MarriottIntl on  Twitter and  Instagram.  Contacts: Connie Kim 301-380-4028 NewsRoom@marriott.com","(25, 14, 0.9946578812599182, 0.9919143191405705)"
Nova,27/12/2018,2018,"Nova Entertainment has recently become aware that a legacy dataset containing information collected from our listeners during the period from May 2009 to October 2011 has been publicly disclosed.  We are in the process of notifying individuals affected by this incident of the steps they can take to prevent any potential misuse of their information.  The types of information disclosed in this incident varies from person to person, but generally includes biographical information (such as name, gender and date of birth), contact information (such as residential address, email address, and telephone number), and user account details (such as user names and passwords, which were protected by 'hashing'). We can confirm that no other information, including copies of identity documentation or financial information is contained in the dataset disclosed in this incident.  Upon confirming the validity of this incident, we immediately engaged leading Privacy, IT and Cyber Security consultants to understand the circumstances of the disclosure. Our investigation is substantial and ongoing. We are taking all necessary measures to ensure the strength and effectiveness of our cyber security, and there is currently no evidence of any suspicious activity or threats on Nova Entertainment's systems.  We have notified the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner of this incident, and we are in the process of contacting law enforcement bodies. We will fully and transparently engage with these entities in relation to this incident.  We have set up a dedicated webpage (https://www.novaentertainment.com.au/dataincident) which contains advice and a dedicated email mailbox (privacy@novaentertainment.com.au) for further queries.  We have also engaged IDCARE, Australia and New Zealand’s national identity and cyber support service, to provide individuals affected by this incident with assistance and support. We encourage anyone affected by this incident concerned about the potential misuse of their personal information to contact IDCARE on 1300 432 273 (Australia) or +61 7 5373 0400 (International), or visit IDCARE's website: https://www.idcare.org/contact/contact-us.  During the Christmas period, IDCARE will be available to assist individuals affected by this incident on the following dates between 10 am and 3 pm AEST:  • Thursday, 27 December 2018 • Friday, 28 December 2018 • Wednesday, 2 January 2019 • Thursday, 3 January 2019 • Friday, 4 January 2019.  From Monday 7 January 2019 onwards, IDCARE will be available Monday – Friday from 8 am until 5 pm AEST. You can also access IDCARE's Learning Centre for further information at: https://www.idcare.org/learning-centre/learning-centre.  We take privacy, and the security of the information we collect from our listeners very seriously, and on behalf of Nova Entertainment I deeply and sincerely regret that this incident has occurred. We are fully committed to achieving the best possible outcome for anyone affected by this incident.  We will update this page as more information becomes available.  Cathy O'Connor, CEO, Nova Entertainment     FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Q:  How did this happen? A:  We have engaged leading Privacy, IT and Cyber Security consultants to help us understand the circumstances of the disclosure. Those investigations are substantial and ongoing. We will provide further information as it becomes available.  Q:  Who is responsible for this incident? A:  Nova Entertainment takes its privacy obligations very seriously and is investing significant resources into investigating the source of the disclosure of the dataset. We have engaged leading Privacy, IT and Cyber Security consultants to help us understand this and will work with law enforcement as required.   Q:  Have I been affected? A:  We are in the process of directly notifying all individuals who are affected by the incident. If you have received correspondence from us, it means that your information was contained in the dataset, and you should take steps to maximise the ongoing security of your personal information.  If you did not receive correspondence from us but believe that you provided your personal information to Nova Entertainment between May 2009 and October 2011, please contact us at privacy@novaentertainment.com.au to confirm if you have been affected.  Q:  Why are you notifying me? A:  We take information security and privacy seriously and want to be open and transparent with you about this incident. We also want to provide you with some practical steps you can take to maximise the ongoing security of your personal information.  Q:  Why are you notifying people during the Christmas holiday week? A:  We apologise for contacting people during the holiday period. However, it was very important that we were open and transparent with everyone affected by this incident, and that we provided information regarding the practical steps that can be taken to respond to this incident, as quickly as possible. We have worked with IDCARE to ensure that individuals can receive assistance throughout this period.  Q:  What information is contained in the dataset? A:  Forensic experts have identified that the information contained in the dataset depends on what information you provided to Nova Entertainment and varies from person to person. However, the type of information could include (if provided):  ID number (assigned by Nova Entertainment); username (created by you); gender, first and last name; email address; residential address; date of birth; contact phone number (home, work and / or mobile number); password (protected by 'hashing'); IP address; contact preferences ( opt in / out); and/or Facebook or mobile phone authentication token. We can confirm that no other information, including copies of identity documentation or financial information was contained in the dataset.  Some of the data contained in the dataset is 'dummy data' and may not be legitimate, valid or active. This may be the case because the dataset is a legacy dataset compiled between May 2009 and October 2011.We are nonetheless treating all relevant data as legitimate and contacting individuals on that basis.  Q:  What about passwords? A:  While passwords were contained in the dataset, we note that these are protected through a security technique called 'hashing'. Regardless, we would encourage anyone affected by this incident to change your password for your email account and all other online accounts where you use the same email address, username or password. This includes email, social media and online banking accounts.     Q:  Is it safe to provide my contact and personal information to Nova Entertainment? A:  The disclosed dataset is a legacy dataset, and was compiled and stored on a system which is no longer used by Nova Entertainment. We have no reason to believe that this incident poses a threat to Nova Entertainment's current systems and so it is safe to provide your contact and personal information to Nova Entertainment. We continue to investigate the circumstances of this incident as a priority.  Q:  How are we responding? A:  We have retained leading cybersecurity firms to investigate this incident and will make any necessary system improvements identified over the course of the investigation to ensure the strength and effectiveness of our cyber security.  We take our privacy obligations very seriously and will ensure that our systems, and the data that we hold, remains as secure as it can be.  We have notified the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner of this incident and are in the process of engaging with relevant law enforcement bodies. We will fully and transparently co-operate with these entities in relation to this incident. You can visit the OAIC's website for more information at https://www.oaic.gov.au.  Q:  What actions do you need to take? A:  We have engaged Australia's national identity and cyber support service, IDCARE, to assess the risk of harm that this incident may pose to you, as well as the steps that you could take to prevent any potential misuse of your information.  Specific steps that you should take:  Although passwords contained in the dataset are protected ('hashed') and are not visible in plain text, there is a risk that they can be decrypted. This would allow third parties to potentially gain unauthorised access to your online accounts where you use the same or similar passwords.  To prevent this from occurring, you should:  1. Change your password for your email account and all online accounts where you use the same email address, username or password. This includes email, social media and online banking accounts.  2. Enable multi-factor authentication and other available security measures provided by your other online services.  As part of good cyber security practice, you should consider whether you need to store copies of identity credentials and other personal information in your email accounts (including those of others – such as family and friends). It is best practice to delete such information if not required.  Additional steps that you can take:  3. Review and continue to monitor your consumer credit report for any discrepancies or unusual activity. You can apply for an annual free credit report from each of the consumer Credit Reporting Agencies below. If you are not resident in Australia, you should contact your local Credit Reporting Agency or IDCARE for further advice.  CREDIT REPORTING AGENCY - WEBSITE  Equifax (formerly Veda) - https://www.mycreditfile.com.au/products-services/my-credit-file Illion (formerly Dun & Bradstreet) - https://www.checkyourcredit.com.au/Personal Experian - http://www.experian.com.au/consumer-reports Tasmanian Collection Service - https://www.tascol.com.au/about-my-credit-file/   4. You should consider requesting that a 'credit ban' be put in place while you investigate further. When a ban is put in place it ‘freezes’ access to your credit file and Credit Reporting Agencies are not able to disclose any personal information from your consumer credit file to any credit providers unless you provide written consent for them to do so, or if they are required by law. You are able to later lift this ban if you need to later apply for credit.  5. Review and continue to monitor your financial and payment card account statements for any discrepancies or unusual activity. Contact your financial institution if you have any concerns.  6. Remain vigilant to telephone call, SMS and email phishing scams requesting your personal details or the payment of money. Avoid opening attachments from unknown senders via email or social media. If you receive a communication from us and are in doubt as to whether it is legitimate, contact us to check (privacy@novaentertainment.com.au). More information about phishing scams is available on the ACCC's website here: https://www.scamwatch.gov.au/types-of-scams/attempts-to-gain-your-personal-information/phishing.  7. Remain vigilant to unauthorised requests to port your mobile telephone number to another provider. In most cases the first indicator of unauthorised porting will be your mobile phone unexpectedly losing coverage and going into 'SOS' mode. If this occurs, contact your telecommunications service provider to confirm whether a request for porting has occurred, and if so, request a reversal. You should also contact your financial institution to temporarily suspend online banking. More information about this type of scam is available on IDCARE's website here: https://www.idcare.org/fact-sheets/unauthorised-mobile-porting-sim-swap.  8. You can find additional guidance about protecting your identity by visiting the OAIC's website here: https://www.oaic.gov.au/individuals/data-breach-guidance/what-to-do-after-a-data-breach-notification. You can also find additional guidance by visiting IDCARE's website here: https://www.idcare.org/learning-centre/fact-sheets.  Q:  Who do I contact for more information? A:  We have a dedicated email address available to answer your questions. If you have any further questions after reading these FAQs, please email us at privacy@novaentertainment.com.au.","(50, 43, 0.9902377665042877, 0.9935560974963876)"
Early Warning Network,05/01/2019,2019,"At around 930pm EDT 5th January, the EWN Alerting system was illegally accessed with a nuisance message sent to a part of EWNs database. This was sent out via email, text message and landline. EWN staff at the time were able to quickly identify the attack and shut off the system limiting the number of messages sent out. Unfortunately, a small proportion of our database received this alert. Our systems are back up and running providing ongoing alerts for severe weather and natural hazard events. Investigations are continuing with police involvement.","(1, 5, 0.9987541437149048, 0.9776693105697631)"
Landmark White,05/02/2019,2019,"What has happened?  On 4 February 2019, LMW became aware through one if its corporate partners, CoreLogic, that a dataset containing property valuation and some personal contact information had been disclosed.  We take the privacy and security of our data very seriously, and we are working closely with Cyber Security consultants to investigate the circumstances of the disclosure of the dataset.  What are you doing about it?  We have taken immediate steps to secure what we believe to be the source of the disclosure to prevent any further disclosure of data. Currently there is no evidence of misuse of any information although this remains under close review.  We are in the process of directly notifying our affected corporate partners of the incident to let them know that we are taking steps to investigate and prevent any potential misuse of information. As required, we will also be notifying law enforcement bodies, the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner, and the Australian Stock Exchange, all of whom we intend to fully co-operate with in respect of this incident.  Are you notifying affected individuals?  Pending the outcome of our investigations, we may need to notify individuals affected by this incident to let them know what information may have been accessed and what steps they can take to prevent any potential misuse of their information. We continue to keep this under close review in compliance with our privacy obligations.  Who can I contact for my specific concerns?  As part of our response, we have established a dedicated email mailbox privacy@lmw.com.au to respond to questions about this incident and will be updating this dedicated FAQ web page as more information becomes known.","(5, 8, 0.9939808011054992, 0.9892893433570862)"
Coffee Meets Bagel,14/02/2019,2019,"Hello,  We recently discovered that some data from your Coffee Meets Bagel account may have been acquired by an unauthorized party. We would like to make sure you have the facts about what happened, what information was involved, and the steps we are taking to help protect you.   What happened? On February 11, 2019, we learned that an unauthorized party gained access to a partial list of user details. Once we became aware, we quickly took steps to determine the nature and scope of the problem.   What information was involved? The affected information only includes your name and email address prior to May 2018. As a reminder, we never store any financial information or passwords.  What are we doing We have taken steps to protect our community, including the following:  We have engaged forensic security experts to conduct a review of our systems and infrastructure.  Vendor and external systems are being audited and reviewed to ensure there are no compliance issues or third party breaches.  We continue to monitor for suspicious activity and we are coordinating with law enforcement authorities regarding this incident.   We continue to make enhancements to our systems to detect and prevent unauthorized access to user information.   What you can do As always, we recommend you take extra caution against any unsolicited communications that ask you for personal data or refer you to a web page asking for personal data. We also recommend avoiding clicking on links or downloading attachments from suspicious emails.  The security of your information is important to us, and we apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused you. As always, if you have any questions or need any additional information, please do not hesitate to contact us at contact@coffeemeetsbagel.com.","(9, 7, 0.9674829310841031, 0.9949355295726231)"
Kathmandu,13/03/2019,2019,"We have recently become aware that between 8 January 2019 NZDT and 12 February 2019 NZDT, an unidentified third party gained unauthorised access to our website. During this process, the third party may have captured customer personal information and payment details entered at check-out for potential fraudulent use.  As soon as we became aware of this incident, we took immediate steps to confirm that our online store and our wider IT environment was secure. Since this time, we have been working closely with leading external IT and Cyber Security consultants to fully investigate the circumstances of the incident and confirm which customers may have been impacted.  Our number one focus has been to clearly identify who has been (and rule out who has not been) potentially affected by this incident and also identify precisely what information is involved so we can meaningfully inform you about how you may have been affected.  We are now in the process of directly notifying our customers who may have been affected and informing them of the steps they can take in response to this incident.  We have notified the Information Commissioner's Office in the UK, the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner, the New Zealand Privacy Commissioner and reported the incident to the Australian Cyber Crime Online Reporting Network and the New Zealand Police. We are also working alongside agencies and regulators in other jurisdictions.  As an organisation, we attach a high value to our customer data and we take the protection of our customers' data very seriously. We have been and will continue to work with the relevant authorities and independent security experts.  We have set up this webpage which contains answers to FAQS below.  We are deeply sorry for any disruption that this incident causes for our customers. We are doing everything we can to ensure the ongoing security of our systems to prevent this type of incident occurring again in the future.  Kathmandu  Frequently asked questions Q: Have I been affected?  A: We are in the process of directly notifying all customers who may have been affected by the incident.  If you did not receive an email or letter from us, but believe that you purchased items from our online store between 8 January 2019 NZDT and 12 February 2019 NZDT*, please contact us to confirm if you may have been affected.  If you did not make a purchase a Kathmandu website between 8 January 2019 and 12 February 2019, this means that you are not affected by this incident.  *Due to time zone differences the date range may include 7 January 2019 (GMT) and end on 11 February 2019 (GMT).   Q: Why are you notifying me?  A: Our records show that you purchased from our website during the period of potential exposure. We are notifying you so that you have the tools you need to take steps to protect your information from any misuse in the future.  We take the protection of our customers' data very seriously and want to be open and transparent with you about this incident.   Q: What information was impacted by this incident?  A: The personal information which could have been impacted by the incident may include some or all of the following categories of information (if provided by you):  billing and shipping name, address, email and phone number; the credit/debit card details you provided to complete the purchase; your Kathmandu Summit Club username and password; special instructions relating to your order (including pick up/delivery details); and any gift card details.  Q: What actions do I need to take?  A: We have worked with Australia and New Zealand's leading national identity and cyber support experts, IDCARE, to assess the risk of harm that this incident may pose to you, as well as the steps that you can take to prevent any potential misuse of your information.  Specific steps that all individuals should take:  Credit Card Information  If you used an Australian issued Visa, Visa Debit or Mastercard on our site between 8 January 2019 and 12 February 2019, Visa and Mastercard may have taken steps to block your card and have it reissued. If your card has not been reissued, contact your bank for more information as soon as possible.  If you used another credit or debit card on our site between 8 January 2019 and 12 February 2019, we recommend that you review and continue to monitor your financial and payment card account statements for any discrepancies or unusual activity. Contact your financial institution if you have any concerns.   Kathmandu Summit Club and other online accounts  As part of our overall response to this incident, we have taken the precautionary step to reset the passwords of all Kathmandu Summit Club accounts impacted by the incident if the password had not already been reset after 12 February 2019.  Although the Kathmandu Summit Club passwords impacted by this incident are not visible in plain text, there is a risk that they can be decrypted. This would allow third parties to potentially gain unauthorised access to your online accounts where you use the same or similar password.  To prevent this from occurring, you should:  change all passwords that may have been identical or similar to the password used to access your Kathmandu Summit Club account (such as email, social media, online banking etc); and remain vigilant around email, telephone and text-based scams.  Q: Is it safe to use Kathmandu's online store?  A: Yes. Our external IT and Cyber Security consultants have confirmed that this incident only impacted Kathmandu's website between 8 January 2019 NZDT and 12 February 2019 NZDT.   Q: Has Kathmandu notified other regulatory agencies?  A: Yes. Where appropriate, Kathmandu has notified and will cooperate with other international regulators, including the UK Information Commissioner's Office and US based regulatory agencies.   Q: Who do I contact for more information?  A: Australia and New Zealand  - We have worked with Australia and New Zealand's leading national identity and cyber support experts, IDCARE, to assess the risk of harm that this incident may pose to you, as well as the steps that you could take to prevent any potential misuse of your information.  You can contact IDCARE via referral code KAT-IDC through either its online Support Request Form (https://www.idcare.org/contact/get-help-now) or by calling 1300 432 273 (Aus) and 0800 201 415 (NZ) during business hours (8:00am – 5:00pm M-F AEST).   United States and Canada - You can contact our information line by calling 1-866-775-4209, Monday through Friday from 8:00am to 5:30pm Central Time for more information and support.   European Union, Norway and Switzerland - You can contact our information line by calling +44 (0) 333 103 8653 24 hours a day, 7 days a week for more information and support.   Rest of world – You can contact our information line by calling +44 (0) 333 103 8653 24 hours a day, 7 days a week for more information and support.   If you have any further questions after reading these FAQs, please email us at privacy@kathmandu.com.au.","(25, 22, 0.9962087750434876, 0.9954065003178336)"
Canva,24/05/2019,2019,"June 1, 10:13 AEST  Following an investigation with cyber security experts, we now have a better understanding of the impact of the attack and want to provide as much context as we can to our community.  On Friday 24th May 2019, we detected a malicious attack on our systems, which we stopped as it was occurring. Our first response was to lock down Canva, then notify authorities and users that the breach had occurred. Because the intruder was interrupted mid-attack they also took a different tactic to most security incidents and tweeted about the attack, which required a rapid communication response.  Since then we have worked with cyber security experts and authorities, such as the FBI, to help protect our users, and are communicating the latest information below.   What did the attacker do? They accessed information from our profile database for up to 139 million users. The profile database contains usernames, names, email addresses, country, and optionally, user-supplied data about their city and/or homepage URL which was available through their public profile. They accessed cryptographically protected passwords (these were individually salted and hashed with bcrypt) for any of those users with username/password logins. They claimed to have obtained OAuth login tokens for users who signed in via Google. Our OAuth tokens are encrypted with AES128 and the encryption keys are securely stored elsewhere. We have found no evidence they downloaded the OAuth tokens or tried to access the keys. They briefly viewed files with partial credit card and payment data. We found no evidence these files were stolen. Files contained partial credit card data from before September 28, 2016 (name, expiry date, last 4 digits, card brand and card country), and payment histories from before September 16, 2017 that contained transaction dollar amounts, dates, and IDs for some payments for users and contributors. These limited card details cannot be used for payments. Canva never stores full credit card details. Designs and images are securely stored in separate systems. There has been no indication that any user designs or images have been accessed.   What is Canva doing about it? We continue to invest heavily in security. We intend to publish a technical post mortem of the incident once our investigations are complete. Our first priority, though, is to protect our users. Here’s what we’re doing:  Notifying our users: We want our users to know that they’ve been affected. We’ve directly contacted users via email, but some users have out-of-date or incorrect email details so we have also used in-app notifications and the press to alert users to the breach. We are following up on our initial notification with individual emails to each user outlining what data was accessed. Prompting users to change passwords: We’ve asked all users who had passwords set before the attack to change them, and are adding rules to help users set stronger ones. Resetting OAuth tokens: We’ve worked with our partners to make sure all active login tokens that existed prior to the breach are reset. These users will be prompted to reconnect their Canva account. Coordinating with partners: We are working with partner agencies to share information about the attack, identify the risk to users, and coordinate responses. For example, we’re alerting the email abuse teams of major providers to make it harder for attackers to phish our users. Partnering with 1Password: While we recommend that our users use different passwords for each site they use, we know that’s hard. We have partnered with 1Password to offer a year free to Canva users who don’t already use their service.  What can Canva users do? Change your password: If you have a password on Canva and haven’t done so already, we are recommending that everyone change their password on Canva, and if you used the same password on other sites you should change those too. Report suspicious emails: As a precaution, we’re encouraging everyone to be wary of suspicious emails. Attackers often use creative methods to trick you into handing over your personal information. If you do receive any emails that you believe are suspicious, do not click on them and do not respond. We encourage you to flag them with your email provider. Use a password manager: We recommend you use a password manager such as 1Password or Google Chrome to generate and remember a unique, secure password for each site you use. Update your Google/Facebook login if we’ve disconnected it: If you sign in using Facebook or Google we may have reset your login. Just login again to get back into your Canva account. Update your contact details: Once you have logged in to Canva, please add or update your contact details so we can always contact you about your account.  A final word We are deeply sorry that this has happened. Everyone at Canva has been on the receiving end of updates like this, and at a personal level we know how upsetting it can be. We want to rebuild and regain the trust you have given us, and will work hard to earn it.  Sebastian Welsh (Head of Security, Canva)","(23, 24, 0.9874929371087448, 0.9956864565610886)"
Australian National University,04/06/2019,2019,"Dear all,   It is with profound regret I inform you we have been victims of a data breach that has affected personal data belonging to our community.    In late 2018, a sophisticated operator accessed our systems illegally. We detected the breach two weeks ago.    For the past two weeks, our staff have been working tirelessly to further strengthen our systems against secondary or opportunistic attacks. I'm now able to provide you with the details of what occurred.    We believe there was unauthorised access to significant amounts of personal staff, student and visitor data extending back 19 years.    Depending on the information you have provided to the University, this may include names, addresses, dates of birth, phone numbers, personal email addresses and emergency contact details, tax file numbers, payroll information, bank account details, and passport details. Student academic records were also accessed.    The systems that store credit card details, travel information, medical records, police checks, workers' compensation, vehicle registration numbers, and some performance records have not been affected.    We have no evidence that research work has been affected.   That is what we know. We're working closely with Australian government security agencies and industry security partners to investigate further.    The University has taken immediate precautions to further strengthen our IT security and is working continuously to build on these precautions to reduce the risk of future intrusion.    The Chief Information Security Officer will be issuing advice shortly on measures we can all take to better protect our systems and I strongly encourage you all to implement those measures. That advice, frequently asked questions, contact details for support, and more information about the breach is available now via our homepage.     As you know, this is not the first time we have been targeted. Following the incident reported last year, we undertook a range of upgrades to our systems to better protect our data.  Had it not been for those upgrades, we would not have detected this incident.    We must always remain vigilant, alert and continue to improve and invest in our IT security.    The required investment has been a priority of the University and I will keep you informed of the progress we're making. You will also receive regular updates on information security from the Chief Information Security Officer over coming months.    I know this will cause distress to many in our community and we have put in place services to provide advice and support.    We have set up a direct help line 1800 275 268 for anyone seeking more information or with particular personal concerns. This line is staffed by experts and will be confidential. Alternatively, you can email helpline@anu.edu.au   We have also increased counselling resources available for our community.    I assure you we are taking this incident extremely seriously and we are doing all we can to improve the digital safety of our community.   We are all affected by this and it is important we look after one another as our community comes to terms with the impact of this breach.   Sincerely Yours   Brian","(21, 7, 0.9896519751775832, 0.9955804944038391)"
Australian Catholic University,17/06/2019,2019,"This is to advise that Australian Catholic University has been the target of a cyber attack. A data breach was discovered on 22 May 2019 and a number of staff email accounts and some University systems have been compromised. The University deeply regrets that this data breach has occurred.  The data breach originated from a phishing attack: an email pretending to be from ACU tricking users into clicking on a link or opening an attachment and then entering credentials into a fake ACU login page.  In a very small number of cases, staff login credentials were obtained successfully via the phishing email and were used to access the email accounts, calendars and bank account details of affected staff members.  What we have done so far:  contacted each person identified as being directly affected reset the accounts of those whose accounts had been breached notified ACU’s bank about potentially fraudulent activity notified the Tertiary Education Quality and Standards Agency (TEQSA) notified the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) alerted the Australian Cybercrime Online Reporting Network (ACORN) All University staff and students should follow these instructions:  Store your password securely and do not share it with anyone. If you want to change your password, you can do so here. Avoid opening links or attachments from unknown senders via email or social media and carefully examine attachments from alleged known senders. Be aware of potential phishing emails and telephone calls from businesses, government departments or institutions requesting personal details. Consider reviewing and updating all passwords on all your non-university email internet accounts and follow best practice for choosing strong passwords. Do not use your ACU credentials for non-ACU related accounts. It is important to remember that ACU credentials give access to a number of University systems, so it is vital to keep login credentials secure.  ACU’s top priority is to protect the data and information of our staff and students. We take very seriously our responsibilities to manage the security of data and the security of our IT systems.   We also recognise the importance of cyber security awareness for students and staff and are reviewing ACU’s cyber security awareness programs.  If you have any concerns or questions, please refer to the following resources and support services:  Assistance for staff: Service Central For confidential counselling support on Identity and Cyber Security matters: 1300 432 273 or submit an online form at https://www.idcare.org/ For advice and support about data breaches: the Australian Information Commissioner Any media enquiries should be referred to Liz Drew, 0419 506 690, liz.drew@acu.edu.au  Dr Stephen Weller Acting Vice-Chancellor ","(7, 9, 0.9970641391617912, 0.9964809682634141)"
NAB,26/07/2019,2019,"NAB has today (Friday 26 July 2019) begun contacting approximately 13,000 customers to advise that some personal information provided when their account was set up was uploaded, without authorisation, to the servers of two data service companies.  NAB’s security teams have contacted the companies, who advise that all information provided to them is deleted within two hours.  NAB Chief Data Officer, Glenda Crisp, said the compromised data included customer name, date of birth, contact details and in some cases, a government-issued identification number, such as a driver’s licence number.  “We take the privacy and the protection of customer information extremely seriously and I sincerely apologise to affected customers. We take full responsibility,” she said.  “The issue was human error and in breach of NAB’s data security policies.”  Ms Crisp said it was not a cyber-security issue. No NAB log-in details or passwords have been compromised – and NAB’s systems remain secure.  “Our number one priority is to support our customers. We are moving quickly to proactively contact every person affected.”  NAB is calling, emailing or writing to each impacted customer individually. A dedicated, specialist support team is in place, available to them 24/7.  If government identification documents need to be reissued, NAB will cover the cost.  NAB will also cover the cost of independent, enhanced fraud detection identification services for affected customers.  Importantly there is no evidence to indicate that any of the information has been copied or further disclosed.  NAB is advising impacted customers that they do not need to take any action with their account.  “We have reviewed these customers’ accounts, over and above our rigorous normal checks, and have not identified any unusual activity.  We will continue to monitor 24/7 to protect our customers’ accounts,” Ms Crisp said.  NAB has also notified and is working with industry regulators, including the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.  Ms Crisp said: “We take full responsibility. We can assure you that we understand how this happened and we are making changes to ensure this does not happen again.”  Customers can find information about NAB security standards at nab.com.au/security","(14, 5, 0.9932650029659271, 0.9716553092002869)"
Sephora,29/07/2019,2019,"Dear SEPHORA CUSTOMER, We understand how important your personal information is and value the trust you place in us to protect it. Over the last two weeks, we discovered a breach in data related to some customers who have used our online services in Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand, Philippines, Hong Kong SAR, Australia and New Zealand. Some personal information may have been exposed to unauthorized third parties, including first and last name, date of birth, gender, email address and encrypted password, as well as data related to beauty preferences. Please be reassured that no credit card information was accessed, and we have no reason to believe that any personal data has been misused. We are sorry for any concern or inconvenience this may cause you. As a precaution, we have cancelled all existing passwords for customer accounts and have thoroughly reviewed our security systems. We are also offering a personal data monitoring service, at no cost to you, through a leading third-party provider.  We recommend you to: -	Change to a new password, if you have not already done so; -	Register for the personal data monitoring service at http://www.globalidworks.com/identity1 if you wish to do so, using the following unique code: SGHN8ZZPBN. Please do so by November 30, 2019. We would like to assure you that we will continue to take all necessary steps to protect your privacy. If you have any questions, please email us at wecare@sephora.sg or call us at +65 3138 9017 or visit www.sephora.sg/wecare to find out more. Yours sincerely, Alia Gogi Managing Director SEA, SEPHORA ","(8, 4, 0.9975719153881073, 0.9951127022504807)"
Optus,17/10/2019,2019,"Hi  We're getting in touch because we've mistakenly released some of your details to Sensis (White Pages) - your name, the below address and phone number - resulting in them being published. We're sorry about this and we wanted to give you a detailed update on the steps we've taken to restore your privacy.  WHAT EXACTLY HAPPEND? During a recent audit, we discovered a system error that resulted in your name and phone number being automatically listed by our systems.  Your details were: Listed online at whitepages.com.au; Potentially listed in the local printed White Pages; Listed with operator directory assistance; and Possibly listed in other smaller online directories.  WHAT WE'VE DONE TO FIX THE ISSUE As soon as this issue was discovered, we contacted Sensis to remove your details from their online website directory, operator-directory assistance and any future printed editions of directories. However, your details may still remain printed in older versions of White Pages.  CHANGE OR RELIST YOUR NUMBER If you're concerned and would like to change your number or you'd like to have your details relisted with Sensis, you can do this by calling your current provider.  NEED MORE SUPPORT? If you need further information or there's anything you need to chat about, we're here to help on 1800 234 020 (Monday to Friday 9am - 5pm AEST).  Once again, we're very sorry for this mistake. We're contacting all affected customers and we'll continue to conduct audits to ensure that your personal information is treated with the greatest care.  Kind regards, Your Optus Team","(6, 7, 0.991364320119222, 0.9905413900102887)"
Monash IVF,12/11/2019,2019,"Monash IVF was recently the subject of a malicious cyberattack, which resulted in some of our patients receiving spam emails pretending to be from Monash IVF. We have been working with external forensic IT experts and regulators to investigate the incident thoroughly.  These investigations are now complete and our forensic IT investigation have concluded that Monash IVF did experience a targeted phishing attack, where scammers accessed emails, email addresses and address books belonging to a number of our staff members. We were able to detect the attack quickly and our security arrangements prevented the attack affecting our other systems. Importantly, we can confirm that our confidential patient database was not compromised and remains safe and secure. The confidential patient database is where Monash IVF stores key patient information.  We believe that the personal information accessed by scammers is mostly limited to an individual's email address. At this stage our investigation has revealed no evidence of any misuse of personal information other than email addresses.  We have been in contact with the small number of people who we believe may have been directly affected by this incident, and will continue to work with them to resolve this issue.  If you have any further concerns about the matter, please contact our enquiry team on 1800 731 438 or email us at support.team@monashivf.com.  Kind regards,  The Monash IVF team  Phone: 1800 731 438 (freecall)  Email: support.team@monashivf.com","(8, 3, 0.988385409116745, 0.9968144098917643)"
Vistaprint,02/12/2019,2019,"We can confirm that a Vistaprint internal research database affecting some customer data became publicly available online. We have already taken the database offline and can confirm that it is no longer accessible. Following an investigation, we concluded that no one outside of Vistaprint accessed the data beyond the security researcher and journalist who found it.  The database contained information relating to less than 30,000 customers out of our 17 million customers worldwide, including names, email addresses, phone numbers and some customer chat transcripts. We have verified that no credit or debit card information was contained within this database. We are continuing to check every relevant customer chat transcript to ensure that no additional financial data was discussed or included during these chats.  Ian Amit, chief security officer at Cimpress, parent company of Vistaprint, said: “This is unacceptable; this should not have happened under any circumstances and we are extremely sorry. As a priority, we are now contacting all affected customers to inform them of next steps. We are carrying out a full investigation to understand exactly what occurred and how to prevent anything like this happening in the future.”  “If any of our customers have any questions on this matter, I encourage them to contact our customer care team on (866) 870-4125 or via email at customerservice@vistaprint.com. They will be able to help with individual concerns.”","(3, 7, 0.9961958527565002, 0.995175838470459)"
Australian Sports Commission,10/12/2019,2019,"Message from the ASC CEO  I would like to provide an update on the Australian Sports Commission (ASC) investigation into an incident of unauthorised access to one of the ASC’s email accounts.  With close support from the Australian Cyber Security Centre and Microsoft we have been undertaking a thorough review into this incident.  At this stage of the investigation we have determined it is not possible to conclusively establish if any personal information contained in the email account was extracted by an unauthorised person.  As a precaution we are making it a priority to notify and support individuals who may have been impacted.  We have established that the email account contained references to approximately 18,900 individuals. The vast majority of these individuals are referenced by either their name and/or birthdate, or other basic contact information.  There are a small number of people that we consider to have had more sensitive personal information contained within the account. We are contacting each of these people directly to inform them and provide additional support. For privacy reasons we will not be making further comment on these individuals.  On behalf of the ASC, I unreservedly apologise for this incident.  We take our responsibility for protecting private and trusted information very seriously and have invested heavily in keeping our IT security systems strong and secure. The investigation found no evidence any other ASC email accounts or systems have been compromised.  We have set up a dedicated webpage on www.sportaus.gov.au that provides further information, contact details for support services, and advice on how people can keep their online identity protected.  To protect the ongoing security of personal information referenced in the email account, we have engaged with IDCARE (a national identity and cyber support service), to provide daily online monitoring to detect for any inappropriate use of personal information.  If you are concerned you may have been impacted by this incident, we have set up a support line for you to call: 1800 318 237.  The incident has also been reported to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner, as required, and referred to the Australian Federal Police.  Kate Palmer CEO Australian Sports Commission  General Information  What has happened?  The Australian Sports Commission has been investigating the unauthorised access of an agency email account since 7 November 2019 when a staff member reported unusual activity on their account.  How many accounts were compromised? The investigation found no evidence any other ASC email accounts or systems have been compromised.  Has information been accessed? With close support from the Australian Cyber Security Centre and Microsoft, the ASC has undertaken a thorough review into the incident. At this stage of the investigation we have determined that it is not possible to conclusively determine if any personal information contained in the email account was extracted by an unauthorised person.  How do I know if I'm impacted? As a precaution and to ensure the continued safety of people’s information, we are making it a priority to inform and support every individual who may have been impacted.  What type of information was contained within the email account? We have established that the email account contained references to approximately 18,900 individuals. The vast majority of these individuals are referenced by either their name and/or birthdate, or other basic contact information.  There are a small number of people that we consider to have had more sensitive personal information contained within the account, such as medicare card or driver licence details, passport information and health information. We are contacting each of these people directly to inform them and provide additional support.  What is the ASC doing to stop this from happening again? We take our responsibility for protecting private and trusted information very seriously and have invested heavily in keeping our IT security systems strong and secure.  To protect the ongoing security of personal information referenced in the email account, we have engaged with IDCARE, a national identity and cyber support service, to provide daily online monitoring to detect any inappropriate use.  What support is available? The ASC has set up a support line, which can be accessed by calling 1800 318 237.  We have engaged IDCARE, a national identity and cyber support service. Their Case Managers work with tens of thousands of Australians each year who confront personal information and privacy risks. You can contact IDCARE via their online support request form and by quoting the referral code ASP 19 H.  Has this incident been reported to authorities? The incident has been reported to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner and referred to the Australian Federal Police. The Police Report Number for this incident is PN 6416080.  What can I do to protect myself online? IDCARE, Australia’s leading national identity and cyber support service for the community, has provided the Australian Sports Commission (ASC) with the following information on signs of identity theft and misuse and how individuals can further protect their personal information.  Identity criminals use personal information for typically one of four reasons:  To commit direct financial misuse – such as fraudulent credit card spends or applying for a personal loan or mobile phone account (this is the most common); To enable further deception – such as impersonating someone’s email account to deceive others; To enable financial misuse – such as setting up a transaction account; or To build an identity – by collecting more information about a person through accessing their credit reports or stealing their mail. Signs of identity misuse include:  You notice transactions from your bank accounts and cards you did not initiate. You receive an unsolicited email, phone call or SMS by people who claim to know you, or are impersonating government or business, asking you to provide further information, including payment details, credential information or other identity details. You receive a bill in the mail for a service you did not request. You are locked out of your email account, social media, online banking, or permanently lose your mobile phone signal. Your friends, relatives or work colleagues are enquiring about an email or social media post you apparently sent that you had nothing to do with.  How do I protect myself from Identity Fraud? Depending on the type of information that may have been exposed, IDCARE recommends you consider the following proactive measures.  Inform your financial institution that your personal information may be at risk of identity misuse and ask them what additional measures they recommend. An incident involving a credit card does not automatically mean that the credit card will be cancelled and a new one reissued. Talk to your institution about your options. Change any online banking passwords and if you haven’t already, explore whether your online banking has multi-factor authentication security (such as using a token PIN or SMS code – in addition to your username or account ID and password). Check out your Credit Reports for any unexplained credit checks. Every Australian can get free access to their credit reports. You may have three different credit reports from each of Australia’s three separate credit reporting bureaus. To apply for your credit report follow the steps in IDCARE’s Fact Sheet – Credit Reports Australia. If you have a foreign passport or driver licence talk to IDCARE about your options (submit a support request form and use the referral code ASP 19 H). If you find entries on your credit report that cannot be explained or are incorrect, such as a different address, please contact IDCARE immediately.  If you think you may experience misuse involving credit, you can also apply for a Credit Ban with each of Australia’s credit reporting bureaus. Like credit reports, credit bans are free under Australian privacy laws. They sound bad, but a credit ban will prevent credit providers from accessing your credit report as part of a credit check. This helps to safeguard against anyone using your information to fraudulently take out credit in your name. Credit bans won’t upset any existing credit lines you may have, such as credit cards and loans. They are only in place for 21 days in Australia, but you can ask for an extension if you think you face an enduring risk and provide a police report number. The police report number for this incident provided by the AFP is PN 6416080. To apply for credit bans follow the steps in IDCARE’s Fact Sheet – Credit Bans Australia. Remain vigilant to unauthorised requests to port your mobile telephone number to another provider.   If this occurs or your phone loses a permanent signal, contact your telecommunications service provider to confirm whether a request for porting has occurred, and if so, request a reversal. You should also contact your financial institution to temporarily suspend online banking and change your email password and set up multi-factor authentication with another mobile number or email address. More information about this type of scam can be found at IDCARE’s Fact Sheet on Porting.  How do I protect my Passport information? Consider contacting the Department of Foreign Affairs Australian Passport Information Service about organising a replacement passport. More information about renewing your passport is available on the Australian Passport Office website.  How do I protect my Driver Licence information? You may wish to notify your driver licence issuer that your licence may be compromised. Some states and territories make a notation on a person’s account if they believe their licence is at risk. This alone will not prevent someone from misusing your licence. In most states and territories a driver licence number cannot be changed. And for the states that do (Queensland and Victoria), they will only change the licence number if an individual experiences identity misuse (not just the exposure or theft of the licence).  How do I protect my Medicare information? Consider contacting the Department of Human Services Identity Security and Response team (ISAR) by calling 1800 941 126 (8 am to 5 pm AEDT Monday to Friday) to let them know that your Medicare Card may have been accessed by an unknown third party. ISAR will connect you with the Medicare Help Desk who will assist you with obtaining a new Medicare Card. A replacement Medicare Card is free. Discuss with the Identity Security and Response team potential risks to your MyGov account, or if you don’t have one, risks relating to someone setting up one in your name.  How can health information be misused? There are limited ways sensitive health information can be misused for financial gain but this kind of information can be leveraged to facilitate blackmail. IDCARE advises that most threats to expose information are nothing more than a bluff. If you come across something unusual, it is advised not to respond, open links or attachments and report it immediately to IDCARE.  Unauthorised access of sensitive health information in and of itself can cause emotional distress. The ASC has set up a support line, which can be accessed by calling 1800 318 237.  How can I protect myself from scams? Change your email and social media passwords and activate multi-factor authentication if available. Remain vigilant to telephone call, SMS and email phishing scams. You can report suspicious activity to IDCARE. One of their case managers will work with you to determine what it is, what it could be, and what can be done about it.  Where can I go for support? If you are concerned you may have been impacted by this incident, there are a range of support services available to help.  How do I access IDCARE support? You are not alone. Navigating and understanding response options can be difficult. IDCARE is available to work with you to explore your concerns and any needs you may have in protecting your identity and personal information. You can arrange to speak with an IDCARE Case Manager via the online form. Be sure to quote your ASC referral code ASP 19 H.  Even if you choose not to take any of the actions outlined above, IDCARE services remain open to you by using the referral code. However, the ability to respond and recover information lessens considerably if you respond to a suspicious email, SMS, or telephone call and enable access to accounts because of a deceptive act. So be particularly mindful of socially engineered attacks, including phishing emails, fake social media requests and messaging, text messages that require you to click on links, and telephone scammers.  What other support does the ASC have in place? The ASC has set up a support line, which can be accessed by calling 1800 318 237.  Where do I go for more information on privacy, rights and complaints? Additional information on privacy, your rights and complaints processes are available on the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner’s website or by calling their general enquiries line on 1300 363 992.  You can make a general complaint to the ASC via our website and view our Privacy Policy online.  Where can I find additional information? IDCARE has a freely accessible public Learning Centre that contains information about the common types of methods criminals use to commit identity theft as well prevention tips and response advice. You can access their learning centre online.  Other useful information sources about scams and privacy freely available include:  MoneySmart has information about financial, investment and insurance scams Scamwatch has information about how to recognise, avoid and report scams Stay Smart Online has information on the latest online threats and how to respond Report cybercrime securely to the Australian Cyber Security Centre at ReportCyber.  Support services Organisation	Operating hours	Contact details Australian Sports Commission Support Line  Mon - Fri 9.00am – 6.00pm AEST  Phone: 1800 318 237 www.sportaus.gov.au support@ausport.gov.au (please include a contact number)  IDCARE Australia’s leading national identity and cyber support service  Mon – Fri 8.00am – 5.00pm AEST  Phone: 1300 IDCARE (432273) https://www.idcare.org/contact/get-help Quote referral code ASP 19 H  Other useful links IDCARE’s learning centre is a key resource to learn how to prepare, prevent, detect and respond to cyber and identity related issues. MoneySmart has information about financial, investment and insurance scams. Scamwatch has information about how to recognise, avoid and report scams. Stay Smart Online has information on the latest online threats and how to respond. Report cybercrime securely to the Australian Cyber Security Centre at ReportCyber.","(53, 68, 0.9847516428749516, 0.9860326735412374)"
P&N Bank,16/01/2020,2020,"What has happened?  P&N Bank is working closely with the West Australian Police Force (WAPOL) and relevant federal authorities following an incident in which certain personal information (data) housed within its customer relationship management system appears to have been accessed, as a result of online criminal activity.    What data is stored in the system?  Data stored in this particular system contains; name, address, email, phone number, customer number, age, account number, account balance and other non-sensitive information that could be included in our records of interactions with customers.   What data is NOT in the system?  The information stored in this system does not contain; passwords or other information such as Driver’s License number, Passport number, Social Security number, Tax File number, Credit Card number, birthdate, or any other sensitive or health information.  What does this mean?  P&N Bank’s core banking system is completely isolated and separate from the impacted system, so we can be confident this incident;  Has NOT caused the loss of any customer funds; Has NOT enabled third parties to access customer credit card details; and Has NOT compromised any banking passwords. We are treating this information breach extremely seriously, and while we believe no-one has been exposed to financial risk, I do wish to convey my deepest and sincere apologies for any concern that may be caused.   How did this occur and what have we done?  The criminal activity took place around 12 December 2019, via an attack during a server upgrade, on a third party company that P&N Bank engages to provide hosting services.  Upon becoming aware of the attack, we immediately shut down the source of the vulnerability and have since been working closely with WAPOL, other federal authorities, our third-party IT provider involved, regulators and independent expert advisers to investigate and protect customers from any further risk.  What do you need to do?  As always, you should remain vigilant when interacting with organisations, particularly if they seem suspicious. We recommend that you follow the usual advice about keeping yourself safe from cyber criminals and phishing attacks by visiting How to Stay Safe Online.  The safety and security of our members’ information and funds is our highest priority.  Data protection continues to be a focus around the world, and financial systems will always present some degree of risk, so it is important to stress that in line with best practice, we have highly sophisticated security measures and controls in place to protect our customers’ accounts.  Again, I wish to offer my sincere apologies.  If you need additional information, please do not hesitate to contact us on 13 25 77, or email us at info@pnbank.com.au.     Andrew Hadley - Chief Executive Officer","(11, 9, 0.9952344027432528, 0.9790541264745924)"
Melbourne Polytechnic,11/03/2020,2020,"Files containing personal data of Melbourne Polytechnic staff and students have been accessed following a breach of the institute’s IT systems in the final months of 2018.  Melbourne Polytechnic was notified of the data theft in late 2019 following an investigation by Victoria Police, who have charged an individual. Forensic ICT specialists and cybersecurity experts have spent the past months analysing the highly complex set of files to determine the extent and scale of the breach.  Melbourne Polytechnic has begun reaching out and offering support to staff and students whose personal data was accessed during the breach of the Institute’s network.      Forensic analysis indicates that access was gained to 55,000 individual files which included Melbourne Polytechnic email address and passwords as well as some personal data such as financial and health information.  In addressing the incident, Melbourne Polytechnic CEO Frances Coppolillo apologised to all those involved.      “On behalf of Melbourne Polytechnic, I offer my sincere apologies to all the people affected by this data breach. In sharing your information, you expected us to keep it safe and I am sorry that we were not able to do so,” Ms Coppolillo said.  “In response to this incident, we have completed an independent review of our cyber security procedures and are implementing a range of improvements including software and hardware upgrades to better protect our IT systems.  Melbourne Polytechnic has written to affected individuals to inform them of the data breach and to provide specific details about what information of theirs was taken.  “This data breach was highly complex in nature and it has taken many months to fully understand its scale and impact, including identifying the names and contact details of the people affected and the details of how they were impacted by the breach,” Ms Coppolillo said.  “With the forensic analysis now complete, we have acted as quickly as possible to notify affected individuals and to support them to take the actions needed to protect themselves.  “I would also like to apologise for the length of time it has taken us to be able to share this information with the people concerned.”  Alongside the letters, Melbourne Polytechnic has also provided information for individuals developed in partnership with IDCARE, Australia’s national cyber security and identity theft support service, about what actions people should take to protect themselves.  “We are deeply sorry for the impact that the theft of this personal data might have. In response we have established a special Cyber Support Call Centre for affected staff and students to contact should they need further support,” Ms Coppolillo said.  Impacted individuals who require further support can request a call from Melbourne Polytechnic’s Cyber Support Call Centre, using the contact request form available online at www.melbournepolytechnic.edu.au/cybersupport.  Notes to the editor:  An individual has been charged and the matter is now before the Courts. As a result, Melbourne Polytechnic is unable to provide further details on the nature of the breach Impacted staff and students will have been either working or studying at Melbourne Polytechnic at or prior to September 2018 Melbourne Polytechnic has established a page on its website containing relevant detail about the breach and information for people who may have been affected. For further information visit www.melbournepolytechnic.edu.au/cybersupport Melbourne Polytechnic has been working closely with relevant state authorities and has alerted Federal Government Authorities responsible for the privacy breaches Over the past 18 months Melbourne Polytechnic has been increasing the strength of its cyber security. This process has been escalated since becoming aware of this data breach Individuals wishing to take steps to update their personal cyber security can view relevant tips and information online at www.staysmartonline.gov.au       MEDIA ENQUIRIES  Media enquiries should be directed to Melbourne Polytechnic Media to Matt Thomas on mobile 0414 408 674 or media@melbournepolytechnic.edu.au  ABOUT MELBOURNE POLYTECHNIC  Melbourne Polytechnic operates across seven campuses and five specialist-training centres throughout Melbourne. The institute delivers high quality vocational and higher education in industry-standard facilities.","(12, 9, 0.9949366301298141, 0.9904651708073087)"
Henning Harders,23/03/2020,2020,"Due to unusual activity on our systems we have engaged cyber security experts and commenced a thorough investigation of our IT systems.  Update 23.3.2020     Q: What happened?  On Sunday 15 March we became aware of unusual activity on our systems which appears to be the result of a targeted and organised attack.  We have now become aware that the cyber attacker has started to publish some client and employee information on an online forum controlled by it.  All our customers and employees have been notified that some data has now been made public.      Q: When did the incident occur?  We became aware of the incident in the early hours of 15 March.    Q: Have you contacted impacted customers?  All customers have been contacted.     Q:  How are operations being impacted?  Operations continue as normal.     Q: How long will the investigation take?  We are committed to a thorough investigation and will devote as much time as necessary to get to the bottom of this situation.  We are not prepared to put a time frame on this.     Q:  How many customers are affected?  At this early juncture it would be misleading to seek to put a number on this while our investigations are still underway.     Q: What has Henning Harders done about this?   We immediately engaged a leading cyber forensics firm to conduct an urgent investigation and this investigation is still underway.  We have engaged legal advisers to advise us and have also commenced a comprehensive internal review of our systems and processes.  We have also notified our customers and staff, including outlining some practical steps they can take to maximise protection of their data.     Q: Is the Cargo Tracking running?  Yes, our online cargo tracking is up and running.     Q: Has Henning Harders notified relevant regulators?    A formal notification has been made to the Australian Cyber Security Centre and ReportCyber.  We are working co-operatively with these agencies.     Q: Who do I speak to for more information?   We understand that affected customers may have further questions about this incident.   Please contact your key account manager for further information.","(10, 18, 0.9899451971054077, 0.9888903763559129)"
Federal Court of Australia,31/03/2020,2020,"The Federal Court and Federal Circuit Court recently became aware of a major systemic failure where the names of parties - that should have been identified under pseudonyms in some migration matters - could be seen in the Federal Law Search section of the Commonwealth Courts Portal (CCP).  The CCP provides web-based services for the legal profession and litigants as well as information for the public about cases before the courts.  The names of parties could be revealed if a user entered a common family name, clicked on the application type (migration) and then checked the list to identify cases that showed both the actual name along with the pseudonym.  Once the courts’ IT section was notified, the CCP was immediately shutdown in order carry out a thorough investigation to ascertain the cause and to resolve the problem.  Since becoming aware of the issue on Friday 20 March 2020, the Court has allocated significant resources to thoroughly investigating the causes of the failure and to rectification of the issue. During the investigation it has become apparent that there is not one single root cause that has led to the publication of names on the CCP Courts Portal. Three separate registry process issues have been identified. These include:  where a matter is initiated in the name of the applicant, the relevant registry needs to recognise it as a 91X related matter for which a pseudonym is required. Currently, this requires a change at the file and cause of action level. If only a change at the cause of action level is made, then Federal Law Search will continue to provide the name that remains at the file level when a search of that name is undertaken; where a matter is initiated in the name of the applicant, and rather than deleting the party name the registry end dates the name, Federal Law Search still provides results including the name at the file and cause of action level. where law firms lodge supplementary documents under the name of the applicant rather than a pseudonym, that lodgement is placed in a special queue in eLodgment that identifies that a new party has been added to a matter. If these are simply accepted then Federal Law Search will identify the party name when searched. So far approximately 400 hundred cases have been identified and the problem rectified in each case. Whilst the investigation is ongoing, we have a reasonable degree of confidence that this figure will not rise significantly. The investigation allows the conclusion that the failures do not affect all files, but only those where the above errors appear to have occurred.  While the CCP is again operational, the search function for migration cases has been disabled. Once rectification work is done, litigants and the profession who access this function by secure means, will still have secure access to the migration section for the conduct of their matters.  Public access to migration matters through Federal Law Search will remain disabled until further notice. Any ongoing public access to migration cases through the CCP following rectification will be reviewed in due course, but is disabled until further notice.  Updated registry processing procedures have been implemented and staff are now undertaking these new procedures.  The functionality of Federal Law Search is being examined to determine if technical solutions, including reduced functionality, could complement updated registry processing procedures to help ensure this issue is never repeated.  To the extent possible, parties known to be affected by the breach (and their lawyers where relevant) will be informed by the Court of the breach.","(7, 15, 0.9956514920507159, 0.9938000957171123)"
Toll Group,05/05/2020,2020,"Toll took the precautionary step yesterday of shutting down certain IT systems after we detected unusual activity on some of our servers.  As a result of investigations undertaken so far, we can confirm that this activity is the result of a ransomware attack. Working with IT security experts, we have identified the variant to be a relatively new form of ransomware known as Nefilim. This is unrelated to the ransomware incident we experienced earlier this year. Toll has no intention of engaging with any ransom demands, and there is no evidence at this stage to suggest that any data has been extracted from our network. We are in regular contact with the Australian Cyber Security Centre (ACSC) on the progress of the incident.  Toll’s priority is the safety and security of our customers, employees and vendor partners and, to that end, we have business continuity plans and manual processes in place to keep services moving while we work to resolve the issue.  We expect these arrangements to continue for the remainder of the week.  We have been in contact from the outset with various customers impacted by the issue and we continue to work with them to minimise any disruption.","(5, 4, 0.993140184879303, 0.9950655698776245)"
Service NSW,28/05/2020,2020,"The investigation into the cyber attack is progressing and the team of forensic specialists is focusing on the email data which is most likely to contain customer information.  Our priority is the safety and security of every customer affected by the incident, and we are committed to the best possible customer experience in our response to this breach.  Our dedicated care team has begun contacting customers using secure methods where we have identified data accessed in the attack.   There is no evidence that Service NSW databases were compromised and the network and systems of record that store licence information are not affected by this breach.  Please note that Service NSW will never ask you to click on a link requesting private information, or ask you to email private information unless this is something you have previously agreed to with Service NSW.  Service NSW will never ask for private information in a cold-call to you without your having the option to independently verify the identity of the caller.","(4, 2, 0.9918369203805923, 0.9952297508716583)"
Big Interest Group (BigFooty).com,29/05/2020,2020,"What happened?  Recently we learned of a security breach on BigFooty's search index which, due to a mis-configuration, was publicly accessible without restriction. This search index included content that may have been removed from public view on the forum, and other content where access was restricted. Access to the index was blocked as soon as we became aware of the issue on the 14th of May and commenced assessment of the breach. Whilst we now know that there was some unwanted interaction by unauthorised people, our investigation leads us to believe the whole index was not copied. To be safe, we have chosen to inform you as if it was.  What kind of user data was affected?  We stress that this was not the core forum database, just the search index.  No account registration information like email and date of birth was involved.  The search index includes source documents, being forum posts, private conversations posted since mid-April 2012 when we changed forum software providers, profile comments, and other private and public messages. We believe that for most affected users there is no personally identifying information involved. Please check your own private messages and forum posts to assess what information has been potentially exposed.  We currently do not believe that the whole index was downloaded.  Big Interest Group apologises if this causes distress or inconvenience to any site members. We are incredibly embarrassed that this has happened in our system, which has remained secure for over 20 years. Our technical experts are reviewing our systems and processes and have put in more controls to make our system more secure.  What should you do now?  If you have shared personal contact or financial information in private boards, comments sections, and conversations, you may want to discuss this with people like your bank and phone service provider.  If you have shared any account login details you should change them immediately.  What can you do in future?  First up, check this free service to see if your data has been exposed through security breaches at other companies and organisations: https://haveibeenpwned.com/  Everyone should always follow standard online safety practices, including things like:  * Don't post any sensitive information on BigFooty or any Internet site. Recipients of your messages can always take screenshots, or copies of messages can be shared with other users. Most sites do not have the security of a bank or phone service provider.  * Don't share passwords with anyone.  * If you absolutely have to share personal information via private posts or messages on any site or app, delete the message afterwards.  * For security of your own user account, consider two-step authentication where it is offered by a service provider or platform. BigFooty's is here: https://www.bigfooty.com/forum/account/security  * Find more tips via searches like this: https://www.google.com/search?q=tips+to+protect+your+personal+data  * Using services like 1Password - https://agilebits.com/onepassword - and LastPass - https://lastpass.com/ - to generate strong passwords and manage them.  We have given all registered users the ability to change their user name for the next 60 days, if they wish: https://www.bigfooty.com/forum/account/  Where users have elected to display their birth date and/or year, we have disabled this, as well as the ""today's birthdays"" display. You can still switch this back on if you like. Default settings for new registrations have had this disabled for a number of years.  More generally, you can change which other items of your registration information are visible to different groups of people via your Privacy settings: https://www.bigfooty.com/forum/account/privacy  Big Interest Group will provide further updates to affected members if more information becomes available.  Please contact us if you have any questions or requests and we will respond as quickly as we can.  Email: helpdesk@biginterestgroup.com  Online contact form: https://biginterestgroup.com/contact-us/  Mail: Big Interest Group LLC 3422 Old Capitol Trail, # 519 Wilmington, DE 19808  You should also review our: Full Terms of Service - https://biginterestgroup.com/terms-of-service/ Privacy Policy - https://biginterestgroup.com/privacy/","(12, 21, 0.9906089951594671, 0.9957154904093061)"
Lion,09/06/2020,2020,"Lion has experienced a cyber incident and has taken the precaution of shutting down our IT systems, causing some disruption to our suppliers and customers. We’re working with expert advisors to address the issue. We have alerted the authorities and are working hard to minimise disruption to customers and suppliers. We will provide further updates when we can, and we thank our customers and suppliers for their patience.","(3, 1, 0.9968703786532084, 0.9981634020805359)"
WA Department of Health,20/07/2020,2020,"20 July 2020 Today the Department of Health was alerted to a breach of confidential data associated with the use of a third-party pager service.  The Department of Health immediately contacted the vendor and asked that the paging component of its service be ceased until the issue is addressed.  The paging service provider has indicated their services have not been compromised and is working with the telecommunications provider.  Patient confidentiality is of utmost importance to the Department of Health, and it is dismayed that confidential information may have made it into the public domain.  As a result of the breach, the Department has also reviewed its own data systems, and those of Health Support Services (HSS) – the shared service centre for the WA health system.  The Department and HSS can confirm that there has not been a breach of health data sources. These systems remain secure.  ENDS  Media contact: (08) 9222 4333  Follow us on Twitter: @WAHealth","(4, 4, 0.9973430186510086, 0.9956087321043015)"
Appen,30/07/2020,2020,"Appen Limited (“Appen”) (ASX:APX) is advising the market of an incident involving unauthorized access to its systems via a third-party provider. The company is providing this for information and transparency only due to heightened sensitivities around these types of incidents. The impact of the incident is limited in nature and not material. Malicious actors hacked the systems of the third-party provider and stole credentials enabling unauthorized access to Appen’s systems. The third-party system was in use on a trial basis and is no longer being used by Appen. Appen believes that it was the victim of a random attack and it is aware that other companies have experienced similar incidents via the same third-party provider. Appen detected the unauthorized access soon after it occurred, and immediately took steps to secure its systems, notify relevant clients, reset applicable passwords and security tokens, and initiate an investigation to determine what happened and what information may have been affected, including engaging a trusted cyber forensics firm to assist. Appen’s investigation has determined that the unauthorized actors gained access to Appen’s user authentication database. The database is restricted to records on Appen’s Annotation Platform (the former Figure Eight platform). It contained customer and crowd names, company names, email addresses, encrypted (hashed) passwords, IP addresses, and historical login and log off times. A small percentage of records contained phone numbers. Customer task and AI training data is stored separately, and Appen has no evidence that customer data was stolen. There is no evidence of any impact to ongoing customer operations and the company is responding to all customer enquiries on the matter. The company has not lost any customers as a result of this incident to date. The incident has been reported to the legal authorities, and a detailed forensics review of the incident, and our response and remedies are in progress. The company has complied with all currently known reporting obligations with respect to this incident, none of which are material, and will continue to respond and comply with its reporting obligations. Appen maintains high security standards. In this instance, access was gained by hacking a third-party provider and Appen’s security prevented further impact. Nonetheless, the company has further bolstered its security to prevent repeat or follow-on security incidents. Appen has not suffered any interruption to its operations and regards the risk of subsequent actions relating to this incident as low. The company will provide further updates if and when required. Authorised for release by the Board. Please contact for more information: Mark Brayan Kevin Levine (CEO) mbrayan@appen.com (CFO) klevine@appen.com About Appen Ltd (ASX: APX). Appen collects and labels images, text, speech, audio, and video used to build and continuously improve the world’s most innovative artificial intelligence systems. With expertise in more than 180 languages, a global crowd of over 1 million skilled contractors, and the industry’s most advanced AI-assisted data annotation platform, Appen solutions provide the quality, security, and speed required by leaders in technology, automotive, financial services, retail, manufacturing, and governments worldwide. Founded in 1996, Appen has customers and offices around the world.","(16, 10, 0.9955658353865147, 0.9614085853099823)"
Regis Healthcare,03/08/2020,2020,"MEDIA STATEMENT – CYBER ATTACK 3 AUGUST 2020 REGIS HEALTHCARE RESPONSE TO CYBER INCIDENT Regis Healthcare Limited (ASX:REG) advises it has been targeted in a cyber attack by an overseas third party.  The Company promptly implemented its back-up and business continuity systems and the incident did not affect delivery of resident care or services. The incident is not materially impacting Regis Healthcare’s day-to-day operations.  In addition to attempting to disrupt the Company’s operations, the party also copied some data from the Company’s IT system and released certain personal data publicly. The Company is contacting parties whose personal data has been publicly released. The Company has also reported the incident to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner, the Australian Cyber Security Centre and other regulatory bodies.  “Our priority is maintaining safe and reliable operations while ensuring the security of personal information of our residents, clients, and employees. To this end, we are working with expert IT and security advisors to continue to investigate and deal with this incident” said Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Dr Linda Mellors.  FURTHER INFORMATION Regis Advice T: 1300 998 100 E: advice@regis.com.au  ABOUT REGIS Regis Aged Care is owned and operated by Regis Healthcare, one of the largest aged care operators in Australia. With the original business established nearly 30 years ago, Regis currently provides services to more than 7,000 older Australians through 65 residential aged care homes, 6 home care services, 5 day therapy centres and 6 retirement villages. Regis is a leader in Australia’s aged care sector and prides itself on providing high quality care and services through nearly 9,000 dedicated employees.","(6, 5, 0.998401274283727, 0.9955431461334229)"
ProctorU,07/08/2020,2020,"ProctorU has confirmed that on July 27, 2020, a user on a web forum offered to share data files containing approximately 444,000 records.   These records were from 2014, and did not contain any financial information. ProctorU has disabled the server,  terminated access to the environment and is investigating this incident. In addition, ProctorU has implemented additional security measures to prevent any recurrence.  We have begun notifying affected universities and will continue to do so.","(3, 2, 0.9919410943984985, 0.9984807074069977)"
ACT Education Directorate,14/08/2020,2020,"ACT public schools experienced an e-mail incident on Friday 14 August 2020 which involved spam emails containing inappropriate material being circulated to students.  The Education Directorate has responded by temporarily blocking access to the Google platform which includes Gmail, Google drive and Google classroom. This platform will be unavailable until the incident has been investigated and appropriate controls are put in place. We understand this may impact some students’ ability to study over the weekend and schools will take this into consideration, where appropriate.  We are aware that some students have copied emails to their personal devices. We would encourage parents to speak with their children and have them delete any content.  Parents who need support talking to their child about this incident can find information through the eSafety Commissioner website.  An investigation has commenced to identify the exact nature of the incident and any additional implications. Preliminary findings of the investigation have indicated that students gained access to system email distribution lists and inappropriately used these to send emails to their peers.  This activity took place within the ACT Education Directorate network and there has been no external security breach. No external body has hacked or exported information from the system.  The AFP and ACT policing were notified this afternoon regarding the incident.  Families wishing to raise any concerns with the ACT Education Directorate about this issue can contact our Families and Students, Complaints and Feedback Unit online via the ACT Education Directorate contact form or by phone (02) 6205 5429.  Students and families can access support services through KidsHelpline 1800 551 800 or lifeline 13 11 14.  The Directorate will keep parents and carers updated on the resolution of this incident.","(4, 11, 0.9958870112895966, 0.9869721206751737)"
iSignthis,16/08/2020,2020,"Melbourne, 16th August 2020 : iSignthis Ltd (the Company) has been advised by Visa Europe Ltd that personal data held on behalf of its European subsidiary, iSignthis eMoney Ltd, has been manually transferred to Visa Australia (AP) Pty Ltd.  No member of the iSignthis group has any contractual relationship with Visa Australia (AP) Pty Ltd. The licensing agreement for Australia was between Visa Worldwide Pte Ltd, being Visa’s Asia Pacific regional head office in Singapore, and iSignthis Ltd.  The manual data transfer was not at the request of the data controller iSignthis eMoney Ltd, and was likely in breach of Visa’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) obligations, the Non-Disclosure Agreements and Membership Deed confidentiality agreements between Visa and iSignthis group companies. No consent was given for the data transfer by any iSignthis group company.  iSIgnthis eMoney Ltd has notified and/or lodged a complaint with; • the United Kingdom Information Commissioner’s Office reference IC-48691-X9P8 • the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner reference DBN20/00827 • the Cypriot Office of the Commissioner for Personal Data Protection reference “Visa_iSignthis”  The Company is also aware from communications originating from Visa Europe that Visa Australia has shared data with Australian Government agencies, including the Australian Securities and Investment Commission (ASIC). iSignthis is not aware of any legitimate purpose under European regulations for the sharing of the data, nor why Visa Australia would have the data in the first instance.  iSignthis is further also aware from communications originating from the ASX, that ASIC has shared some data and documents with the ASX Ltd under s127 of the ASIC Act.  Affected persons are being advised individually, and that they may lodge a complaint regarding Visa’s mishandling of their personal data by visiting the below hyperlinks and including the relevant reference from above:  Australia https://www.oaic.gov.au/privacy/privacy-complaints/before-you-lodge-a-complaint-with-us/question-1/  Cyprus http://www.dataprotection.gov.cy/dataprotection/dataprotection.nsf/page1i_en/page1i_en?opendocument  United Kingdom https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/  The Company apologises to its merchants, business owners, customers and cardholders who may have been affected by Visa’s data breach, and for any inconvenience this data breach may cause. The Company is not aware if Visa Europe Ltd has reported the data breach under its General Data Protection Regulation obligations, which includes disclosure of the number of persons affected, the reason for the breach, and the impact to persons affected by the breach. Authorised by the Managing Director","(2, 8, 0.9929829239845276, 0.9922382682561874)"
Anglicare Sydney,02/09/2020,2020,"On the 31st August,  Anglicare Sydney’s security and data systems were subject to a malicious cyber-attack. There is a disturbing trend for Australian healthcare providers experiencing these types of attacks in recent months. A number of our key systems are currently not working and are now being restored. This means there may be some delays or disruption in services until the systems are fully functioning.  In the meantime, we encourage you to get in contact with us via email rather than phone.    Anglicare has alerted all relevant authorities and is working closely with external partners including cyber security experts to restore systems and functionality.   Please be assured we are doing everything possible to urgently restore our systems and we apologise for any inconvenience this may temporarily cause you or your family.     Media contact:  Chris Pettett Public Affairs Manager 0429 569 278 publicaffairs@anglicare.org.au","(5, 3, 0.9876130104064942, 0.9978923797607422)"
University of Tasmania,21/09/2020,2020,"Vice Chancellor's Statement Dear colleagues and students,  As you may be aware, we have experienced a recent incident where some of our students’ personal information was inadvertently able to be accessed by all users with a utas.edu.au email address. These files contain personally identifiable information of a number of enrolled students.  On behalf of the University I sincerely apologise to all students who have been affected by this incident. Please be assured that we take the management of your personal information extremely seriously. We have undertaken a thorough review of how this information became accessible and have taken immediate steps to ensure it is secure.  We are deeply committed to ensuring all of our students are supported to be successful in their studies. The data that was accessed is used to inform the support initiatives the University has in place and to facilitate engagement with students for this purpose.  We have established a dedicated support line - 1800 019 897 – to assist students with any questions or concerns about their personal information. The support line will be open between 7am and 7pm from Monday to Friday.  We have also engaged IDCARE – experts in national identity and cyber support services – to provide further independent advice and cyber support to students, including dedicated case managers who work with individuals to develop tailored and personalised response plans.  Again, I sincerely apologise to all students who have been affected by this incident and I encourage anyone with concerns or questions about potential misuse of their personal information to contact the support line as soon as possible.  Kind regards,  Professor Rufus Black Vice Chancellor What happened? On 11 August 2020 the University became aware that electronic files stored on one of the SharePoint sites on the Office365 platform were inadvertently able to be accessed by individuals with a University of Tasmania email address.  The security settings for this SharePoint site were unintentionally configured incorrectly.  This meant that individuals with a utas.edu.au email address not authorised to access documents saved in the site, were inadvertently granted access.  Files stored on this site were made visible to individuals when they logged in to the University's Office365 system.  Some files were made visible as a result of the “Delve” application within the Office365 platform. Delve displays content to users based on access privileges, and automatically displays certain files to users.  This was the result of incorrect configuration. There is no evidence this data breach was a result of malicious activity. The system has now been correctly configured.  The relevant files contain personally identifiable information in relation to approximately 19,900 currently enrolled students in 2020.  Students whose data could have been accessed due to the breach have been notified by email on Monday 21 September 2020.   Who can I contact to find out more information? The University of Tasmania has established a dedicated support line to assist with any questions in relation to this incident - 1800 019 897. Any student or staff member with questions is encouraged to please call the support line using their unique reference number.  For anyone impacted who is concerned about their safety as a result of the exposure of contact information, such as survivors of family and domestic violence, they can contact IDCARE who will inform them of their options in relation to accessing additional external support services.  IDCARE are a third party identity and cyber support service with dedicated Case Managers who can work with them confidentially to develop tailored and personalised response plans.  Use referral code UTAS-IDC20 to book a Get Help session - www.idcare.org/contact/get-help  Frequently Asked Questions Who is affected? The data breach has affected students enrolled in 2020.  How do I know if I have been affected by the data breach? The University has written to all people affected by the data breach by email. These letters are tailored to individuals. Letters to individuals include a summary of the specific types of information that was inadvertently made available for that person. This enables affected students to understand the degree to which they have been affected and what actions they may take.  Along with the letter sent to each affected person, the University has provided a Cyber Security Information Sheet, with recommendations from IDCARE (Australia's national identity theft and cyber support service), advising what actions they should consider to protect themselves as a result of the breach.  What type of personal information was contained in the files? The files contained a range of personal information, and each individual had differing personal information in the files.  Not every individual will have had the same personal information accessed. The kinds of personal information which were included in the files are listed below:  Full name University email address Personal email address Mobile phone number Home phone number Date of birth Country of birth Indigenous / Torres Strait Islander status Citizenship Student ID ATAR score Student results Course information Full time/ part time status Gender status International student status (Yes / No) Disability status (Yes / No) Commentary / notes in relation to continuing enrolment Which files were accessed and by whom? The relevant files contained student information in relation to students enrolled in 2020.  The files contained personally identifiable information of approximately 19,900individuals. Analysis of the files reveals that a number of utas.edu.au users have accessed the information.  We are contacting all individuals who have accessed the data and have sought assurance that:  If they have downloaded any files containing student information, these files have been permanently deleted. If they have made copies or screen shots of any of the documents, or any of the content that was contained in the documents, these copies have been permanently deleted. If the documents, or any of the content from the documents, has been shared, they have taken steps to have that content returned and/or permanently deleted. What is SharePoint? SharePoint is a Microsoft platform used by the University for staff and students to store, share and access electronic files.  For how long were the files accessible? The files were accessible from 27 February 2020 to 11 August 2020.  How do I confirm exactly what personal information has been accessed? Affected students can call the Support Line on 1800 019 897 and speak to a team member who will be able to give details about exactly what information has been inadvertently made accessible.  What was the nature of the information? The personal information was contained in data sets that were being used to inform student support initiatives and help the University to engage with students for this purpose.  The University of Tasmania is deeply committed to ensuring our students are supported to transition in to their first year of study and continue to be supported to be successful in their studies.  What has the University done to assist individuals whose personal information has been involved in the data breach? Permissions on the SharePoint site were immediately updated to restrict access. The Delve application in Office 365 was disabled. Process changes were made for the creation of new Teams sites and this function is now managed by IT . Unauthorised student and staff users have been identified. Automatic alerts have been implemented to identify changes to permission settings for certain high-risk access levels. the University has engaged a third party expert (IDCARE) to assist with its response and management of the data breach. the University has set up a dedicated support line with appropriately trained staff to help individuals who are concerned about the incident; All individuals who have accessed the data have been contacted and advised to delete any copies of the personally identifiable information. The University has provided guidance and assistance to permanently delete any files. The University is also taking steps to prevent recurrence of this kind of incident. the University has audited all SharePoint sites to check access permissions. the University is developing targeted training for staff who manage personal information in high-risk areas. Migration of all existing SharePoint sites to Teams sites which provides improved permission management, analytics and reporting capabilities. Office 365 training and education will be delivered to all staff. Improved data governance and data classification guidelines and procedures will be communicated to support staff to manage files appropriately, with user education and training delivered to staff in order that standard operating procedures can be established and operationalised. What steps should I take to protect my personal information? We want to make sure that you have the information and resources you need to take steps to protect your information from any misuse in the future. These are some steps you might take.  Engage IDCARE’s Learning Centre in relation to accessing free copies of your credit reports to determine whether anyone has applied for credit in your name. Inform your financial institutions about the exposed information and discuss what additional security measures may be placed on your accounts. If you have specific concerns around the exposure of your personal information and subsequent credit application risks, you may consider a credit ban. For information about accessing credit reports and credit bans please see the Fact Sheets at IDCARE’s Learning Centre. We are here to support you – how can we help? the University has established a dedicated support line to assist you with any questions you may have in relation to this incident – 1800 019 897.  We suggest you call this support line using your unique reference number to discuss any queries or concerns. If you need further advice or cyber support, we will refer you to IDCARE, an identity and cyber support service with dedicated Case Managers who can work with you to develop tailored and personalised response plans. Use the referral code UTAS-IDC20 to book a Get Help session. If this notification is impacting your mental health and well-being, we recommend contacting the Personal Counselling Services for free counselling and student welfare support. The University has engaged IDCARE who have dedicated Identity and Cyber Security Case Managers that can work confidentially with impacted persons. If you are concerned about your safety as a result of the inadvertent accessibility of your information, such as survivors of family and domestic violence, you can contact IDCARE who will inform you of your options in relation to accessing additional external support services. Is there anything else I can do to protect my personal information? Visit the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission’s ScamWatch page and consider subscribing to their alerts Visit the Australian Cyber Security Centre’s Stay Smart Online Service for the latest tips on remaining safe online Subscribe to IDCARE’s Community Online Newsletter – Cyber Sushi – for the latest trends and advice on what’s impacting the community’s personal information Visit the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner’s website where you will find resources on data breaches, your rights, and response options How is the University letting people know about the data breach? On Monday 21 September 2020, the University communicated with all people affected by the data breach. Letters have been tailored to each person. A summary of the specific types of information that was made accessible for that person is included in each letter. This enables affected people to understand the degree to which they have been affected and what actions they should take.  Along with the letter sent to each affected person, the University has provided a Cyber Security Information Sheet, with recommendations from IDCARE (Australia’s national identity theft and cyber support service), advising what actions they may consider to protect themselves as a result of the breach.  The University has also submitted an official notification of the breach to the Australian Information Commissioner and the Tasmanian Ombudsman. The Tertiary Education Quality Standards Agency (TEQSA) are also aware of the breach.  Where can I access counselling support? University Counselling services are available here External Support Services are also available through  Lifeline who provides 24/7 telephone counselling - 13 11 14  Can I have my records deleted from the University's system? Records contained in the SharePoint site have been deleted or secured.  The University must retain student  information in accordance with legislative requirements. You can request that the information is corrected if it is incorrect.  Access to the University Privacy Statements is here.  Did the data breach include any student performance records? The data breach did not affect the system where the University holds students' performance records or results.  What should people do if they have been notified that they were affected by the breach? A letter has been sent to all people affected by the breach. The letter details the specific types of data that were made accessible for that person. Included with the letter was a Cyber Security Information Sheet, which contains recommended actions that people may consider in order to protect themselves as a result of the breach.  What steps should you take to protect your personal information? We want to make sure that you have the information and resources you need to take steps to protect your information from any misuse in the future. We have engaged identity  security specialists, IDCARE, for information relating to the particulars compromised.  Please take the time to read the following:  How does IDCARE measure risk? IDCARE measures risk of future identity misuse based on the nature of the credentials compromised. Items such as name, address, date of birth (DoB) and email address are credentials that alone would be considered low risk of direct future misuse. In most cases what is of real value to identity thieves are passports, driver licences, credit card and banking username and login details. However, the risk of future misuse via phishing emails and telephone scams does increase when any personal information has been provided. This risk is currently minimized because the data set has only been available internally, to other students and staff, not to a third party actor. The risk that any one of these individuals will act maliciously is low.  What can happen with compromised phone numbers? SMS Phishing: never click on links in text messages. Check the legitimacy of the message by calling that organisation through a number you search for yourself. Clicking on links in malicious text messages may install malicious software to your device and then may ask for more high risk credentials such as drivers licence or passport.  Phishing calls: Scammers love to pose as well-known organisations, such as banks, government organisations, Telstra, NBN, Microsoft, Apple or Amazon Prime. Never answer calls to numbers you do not recognise. Scammers love to ‘spoof’ or disguise their (usually) overseas numbers with Australian numbers, to entice you to pick up the call.  What can happen with my compromised email addresses? Email accounts are often targeted to gain access to the users other online accounts. These accounts can be used directly by the criminal or on sold on to other criminals. Do not click on links in unsolicited emails, or open attachments. Check the legitimacy of the sender by calling the representing organisation on a number you have sourced yourself and checking it was them that sent the email. Additionally, we suggest changing the password to all email accounts to ensure you are the only one accessing them. Please use a unique password; one you do not use for any other accounts. A passphrase with letters, numbers and symbols is more secure than a single word.  What can happen with my compromised name and address? Your name and address is publicly available if you vote in Australia and if you have registered with the Australian Electoral Commission. Name and address alone, is not enough for a criminal to perpetrate identity fraud. A criminal can call you and legitimize who they are pretending to represent, by quoting your name and address to you. This may lead you to believe they are calling from a legitimate company.  What can happen with my date of birth? Our DOB’s are often available through our social media. They cannot be used alone to perpetrate identity fraud. A criminal can call you and legitimize who they are pretending to represent, by quoting your name, address and DOB to you. This may lead you to believe they are calling from a legitimate company.  Were any banking or credit card details exposed? No. However, you may choose to Inform your financial institutions about the exposed information and discuss what additional security measures may be placed on your accounts.  What if I am still concerned about identity fraud? Engage IDCARE’s Learning Centre in relation to accessing free copies of your credit reports to determine whether anyone has applied for credit in your name. If you have specific concerns around the exposure of your personal information and subsequent credit application risks, you may consider a credit bans.  For information about accessing credit reports and credit bans please see Fact  Sheets at IDCARE’s Learning Centre. What can I do if I have further concerns, complaints or grievances? If you wish to discuss your concerns or make a complaint, please contact the University’s Safe and Fair Community Unit (SaFCU) to discuss any concerns Phone: +61 3 6226 2560 or email: SaFCU@utas.edu.au If you are not happy with the University’s response to your complaint, you can contact the Tasmanian Ombudsman on www.ombudsman.tas.gov.au Phone: 1800 001 170 If you would like further information, we refer you to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner: www.oaic.gov.au Phone: 1300 363 992  Support and Advocacy Services The University Support Team The University has established a Support Team with staff specifically trained to provide advice and support to affected students.  You can speak directly to a team member about any concerns. The Support Team hotline number is 1800 019 897.  Support and Advocacy Services We recognise this may be concerning to some students and there are support and advocacy services available to assist, including:  Free and confidential counselling services  Contact Student Advisors for support.  TUU Advocates can also provide independent advice and guidance to students and can be contacted here.  Affected persons that may feel concern about their safety as a result of their exposure of their residential address or contact information, such as survivors of family and domestic violence, will be informed about their options in relation to accessing additional external support services as well as local law enforcement.  Specific Case Management Support and Help The University of Tasmania has established a dedicated support line 1800 019 897  IDCARE, as Australia’s national identity and cyber support service for the community, has Case Managers who can work with you to develop tailored and personalised response plans by using the referral code UTAS-IDC20 and booking a Get Help session.  IDCARE The University has also engaged IDCARE who have Identity and Cyber Security Case Managers that can work with affected persons confidentially about their concerns.  IDCARE is Australia’s national identity theft support service. Their website has useful tips and suggestions on what to do if your personal identity has been compromised. See idcare.org  Other Useful Resources Stay Smart Online Stay Smart Online is the Federal government’s cyber security education portal. Learn how to improve your personal cyber security at staysmartonline.gov.au.  General tips to keep your personal information safe Never open attachments or click on links in emails or social media messages from unknown senders. Be cautious when answering calls from unfamiliar numbers or talking to or following instructions from someone you do not know. Refrain from sharing your personal information until you are certain about who you are sharing it with. Visit www.oaic.gov.au/privacy/data-breaches/respond-to-a-data-breach-notification for further guidance about protecting your identity. Change your online account passwords regularly. If you email yourself passwords for other online accounts, change these as well. Enable multi-factor authentication for your online accounts where possible. Ensure you have up-to-date anti-virus software installed on any device used to access online accounts. Actions to take to protect yourself from risk of identity fraud To understand what actions you might need you to take if you have been affected by the breach, you will need to refer to the letter that you received from the University by email. The letter includes a list of the types of data about you that may have been accessed.  Other resources Visit the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission’s ScamWatch page and consider subscribing to their alerts Visit the Australian Cyber Security Centre’s Stay Smart Online Service for the latest tips on remaining safe online Subscribe to IDCARE’s Community Online Newsletter – Cyber Sushi – for the latest trends and advice on what’s impacting the community’s personal information Visit the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner’s website where you will find resources on data breaches, your rights, and response options Addressing risks relating to Scams and Phishing Never open attachments or click on links in emails or social media messages from unknown senders. Be cautious when answering calls from unfamiliar numbers, or talking to or following instructions from someone you do not know. Change your online account passwords regularly. If you email yourself passwords for other online accounts, change these as well. Enable multi-factor authentication for your online accounts where possible. Ensure you have up-to-date anti-virus software installed on any device used to access online accounts. What can I do if I have further concerns, complaints or grievances? If you wish to discuss your concerns or make a complaint, please contact the University’s Safe and Fair Community Unit (SaFCU) to discuss any concerns Phone: +61 3 6226 2560 or email: SaFCU@utas.edu.au If you are not happy with the University’s response to your complaint, you can contact the Tasmanian Ombudsman on www.ombudsman.tas.gov.au Phone: 1800 001 170 If you would like further information, we refer you to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner: www.oaic.gov.au Phone: 1300 363 992 Media enquiries Media inquiries should be directed to the Communications Office.","(98, 80, 0.9920790219793514, 0.9892431072890758)"
Scouts Victoria,24/09/2020,2020,"Privacy notice: Data incident, July 2020  Scouts Victoria issued a notification to approximately 900 individuals throughout late September regarding unauthorised activity targeting our email system.  In late July and early August of this year, we identified unauthorised activity where third parties gained access to staff email inboxes, most likely using scamming techniques commonly known as 'phishing'.  Our IT team identified and blocked the unauthorised activity to protect information held on our systems. We engaged digital forensic and cyber security experts to investigate the incident and the data involved.  We also notified relevant government authorities, including the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) and the Department of Human Resources.  The forensic investigation and security review was extensive, and has now been completed. The investigation found that correspondence relating to a number of individuals associated with Scouts Victoria is among the data potentially accessed by unauthorised third parties. We have contacted individuals who we know may have been directly affected by this incident and will continue to work with them to address their concerns.   The data that we saw relating to individuals included:  First name Last name Phone number Email address Residential address Date of Birth (DOB) Credit card information (full) Credit card information (partial) Tax File Number (TFN) Bank details (BSB and account number) Bank card Driver’s licence Passport Other government-issued ID (i.e. Photo card) Working with children card Birth certificate Australian Electoral Commission information Medicare card Password Signatures (handwritten) Sensitive criminal history information Scouts membership number Court orders (including pertaining to parenting)   We’ve also taken steps to ensure that incidents like this don’t reoccur.  We take our privacy obligations very seriously and are investing significant resources into investigating the source of the incident.  While all affected members have been notified, we encourage anyone who has questions to contact Scouts Victoria and we can address any concerns they may have.","(5, 7, 0.9943809390068055, 0.969403088092804)"
Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade,30/09/2020,2020,"We apologise for unintentionally disclosing email addresses of stranded Australians we’re trying to help get home. No other personal information was disclosed. We want to get you home, and are working as hard as we can to do so.","(1, 2, 0.9985206723213196, 0.9872955679893494)"
Nitro Software,21/10/2020,2020,"Nitro Software Limited (ASX:NTO) (“Nitro” or the “Company”), a global document  productivity software company, advises of an isolated security incident involving limited  access to a Nitro database by an unauthorised third party. The relevant database supports certain Nitro online services and has been used primarily  for the storage of information connected with Nitro’s free online products. The database  does not contain user or customer documents. Nitro's investigation into the incident remains ongoing. There is no evidence currently that  any sensitive or financial data relating to customers has been impacted or that any  information has been misused. Nitro has elevated its monitoring and security protocols  and has not identified any further malicious activity connected to the incident. In line with its Incident Response plans, Nitro took immediate action following the incident  and confirms that the Nitro IT environment is secure. Nitro has notified the applicable  regulatory bodies and continues to work with cyber security specialists. Nitro will continue  to comply with its notification obligations as it finalises its investigation. The incident has had no material impact on Nitro’s ongoing operations. Nitro does not anticipate a material financial impact to arise as a result of this incident and,  as such, the incident is not expected to impact the Company’s prospectus forecast for  FY2020. Ends  Authorised for release to the ASX by the Board.  Enquiries  Investors  Kurt Johnson Nitro +1 415 278 7660 kurt.johnson@gonitro.com   Media  Amy Solomon Carrie Barrack Cato & Clive Cato & Clive + 61 403 339 038 + 61 422 464 208 amy@catoandclive.com carrie@catoandclive.com   Registered Office Corporate Office  Level 4, 246 Bourke Street 150 Spear Street, Suite 1500 Melbourne San Francisco Victoria 3000 California 94105 Australia United States of America About Nitro Nitro is a global document productivity software company driving digital transformation in  organisations around the world across multiple industries. The Company’s core solution,  the Nitro Productivity Suite™, provides integrated PDF productivity, eSignature and  business intelligence (BI) tools to customers through a horizontal, SaaS and desktop-based  software suite. Nitro’s software solution is highly scalable, serving large multinational  enterprises and government agencies, as well as small business and individual users. Nitro  has over 2.2 million licenses sold, and over 11,000 Business Customers in 144 countries  around the world, including global market leaders across multiple industries, over 68% of  the 2019 Fortune 500, and two of the 2019 Fortune 10. Nitro is headquartered in San  Francisco and has offices in Dublin, London and Melbourne.  For more information on Nitro, please visit Website: https://www.gonitro.com/ Investors: https://ir.gonitro.com/Investor-Centre/","(14, 4, 0.9957982557160514, 0.9942977279424667)"
City of Port Phillip council,28/10/2020,2020,"Council has accidentally published personal information on the data.gov.au website. Personal information was accidently disclosed through data that Council published on the data.gov.au website. Council provides various open data to the public on this website and in this instance the privacy and data breach occurred within the Graffiti Management dataset.  The personal information that was shared was; name, phone number and/or email address of the person who reported the graffiti to Council. In some instances, the property address used to identify the location of the graffiti may link the person reporting the graffiti to that address.  Council became aware of the breach on 5 October 2020 and in response conducted an internal investigation. It was determined that the data breach started in March 2020. The dataset was immediately suspended from the data.gov.au website at 8.45 am on 5 October 2020, to prevent any further views/downloads. Council has endeavoured to directly contact any persons affected by this breach via email.  The initial published Graffiti dataset was correct and did not contain any personal details. However, during work to automate the generation of the Graffiti dataset, an incorrect version was selected. The accidental error led to the unapproved publication to the data.gov.au website. As the data was open to the public, Council is not able to confirm who has accessed the data.  Please be assured that the process for publishing open data has now been updated to include peer review and sign off prior to publishing. The automated generation of data has also been updated to only include information that relates to the location of the graffiti (street number, street name, suburb, post code and date submitted).  Council sincerely apologises for the disclosure of personal information and for any distress and inconvenience this may cause. Council regards the protection of personal information to be of great importance and makes every effort to safeguard personal information under its control. Council assures that this breach is being appropriately addressed by the organisation, and all endeavours will be undertaken to ensure that future breaches of this nature do not occur.  Council has published 29 open datasets and this is the first data breach since making this data available in 2017. The data.gov.au website is intended as a resource for people who work with open data in the Australian Public Service or carry out publicly-funded research.  The following link to the Office of the Victorian Information Commissioner (OVIC) website provides a useful resource explaining what a data breach is and how you can reduce the risk of suffering harm as a result of a breach, including what actions you can take.  Should you have any questions regarding this notification, or if you would like more information, please do not hesitate to contact Council’s Privacy Officer via email at HelpPrivacy@portphillip.vic.gov.au.   Please note that under the Privacy and Data Protection Act 2014, anyone who is not satisfied with how Council has endeavoured to resolve the situation is entitled to make a complaint to the Office of the Victorian Information Commissioner. The contact details for the Office are as follows:  Office of the Victorian Information Commissioner Privacy and Data Protection PO Box 24274 MELBOURNE VIC 3001  Telephone: 1300 666 444 Additional information is available on the Office of the Victorian Information Commissioner’s website.","(9, 15, 0.9961733089552985, 0.9894716223080953)"
Law In Order,23/11/2020,2020,"On Sunday 22nd November 2020, Law In Order experienced a cyber security incident.  As a precaution, to protect information and systems, Law In Order has limited the access to much of its network which has therefore halted much of our business operations.   We have engaged expert cyber security advisors, and they and our IT team are actively investigating the incident and responding to it, and working to bring systems back online safely and quickly.   We are making progress, however, it is important that we do this methodically and safely as we work to resume normal business operations.    We are investigating the extent to which information contained in our system, including sensitive personal information, has been affected.  At this stage we have seen no evidence of data exfiltration nor anything that indicates Law In Orders’ customers’ networks have been compromised.  We will work with law enforcement agencies and privacy regulators as required.   This year we have seen several high profile cyber security incidents impacting Australian companies and public sector entities.  We will keep you informed as we learn more.  If you have any questions please contact Emma Barker or 03 9691 7555.","(6, 4, 0.9936087330182394, 0.9923630058765411)"
BTC Markets,30/11/2020,2020,"Earlier today, an announcement from BTC Markets exposed client names and email addresses. This is a deeply regrettable situation and we apologise wholeheartedly for it.  Of paramount importance is the security of the platform and your account. The platform remains secure and unaffected by the recent email issue. Our external communication process has no interaction with our internal system and no password data was exposed.  As good practice, to protect your BTC Markets account, we strongly advise all our clients to enable Two Factor Authentication (2FA). https://support.btcmarkets.net/hc/en-us/articles/360001307907-Two-Factor-Authentication-Step-by-Step-Guide  What happened? BTC Markets uses an external system to send client-wide emails. We have used this system without incident for a number of years. Our usual process is to also send test emails. However, today our testing didn’t pick up that the sample email addresses in the batch were added to the same email, rather than sent individually. In this case, the batch sizes were under 1,000 email addresses.  What was our response? Account-holders had their name and email address exposed. The process took place very quickly, therefore it was not possible to stop the batch send once the error was realised.  What happens next? We will self-report to the Office of Australian Information Commissioner and fully comply with the data breach reporting requirements. In addition, there will be an internal review and additional rigour placed around data security and training.  BTC Markets apologises unreservedly for this situation.","(9, 10, 0.9930159250895182, 0.9857682645320892)"
Oxfam Australia,04/02/2021,2021,"On Wednesday 27 January 2021, Oxfam Australia was alerted to a suspected data incident. Oxfam immediately launched an investigation and engaged market leading experts to assist in identifying whether data may have been accessed and any impact on its supporters.  Chief Executive Lyn Morgain said Oxfam Australia had reported the matter to the Australian Cyber Security Centre (ACSC) and the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) while continuing to investigate the suspected incident.  “Oxfam Australia is committed to working with all relevant authorities and experts to determine the facts and respond appropriately,” Ms Morgain said.  “Launching the investigation and ascertaining key facts have been our priorities, but this is a complex issue and inquiries are in their early stages.  “We have also taken immediate steps to further secure our environment and leading IT forensic experts have been engaged to conduct an investigation.  “Oxfam Australia’s priorities are confirming the type of data that may have been accessed and whether or not there are any impacted individuals.  “We assure our valued supporters that we are treating the matter with the utmost seriousness.  “We are committed to communicating quickly to our supporters once the facts have been established, and we will provide updates as we learn more.  “Oxfam supporters are at the heart of our organisation and their confidence is critical to our ongoing work in tackling the inequality that causes poverty around the world.”  Supporters wanting to seek or provide more information on this matter can contact 1800 088 110.  What has happened?  Oxfam Australia was alerted to a suspected data incident on Wednesday 27 January 2021. Oxfam immediately launched an investigation and engaged IT forensic experts to assist in identifying whether data may have been accessed and any impact on our supporters. Oxfam Australia has reported the alleged incident to the Australian Cyber Security Centre (ACSC) and Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC). We are urgently investigating the suspected incident and further information will be provided as soon as it is available.  Have I been impacted?  Oxfam Australia’s priorities are confirming whether data may have been accessed and any impact on its supporters. As we learn further information and facts are established, we will continue to provide you with updates. Oxfam Australia assures you that we are treating the matter with the utmost seriousness.  How can I receive further information and updates?  As Oxfam Australia learns further information, we will provide updates on this page.  Have people who may be affected been notified?  As the investigation is still in progress, please continue to check this website for updates. If you would like to know more, please call our Supporter Services Team on 1800 088 110.  We are committed to communicating quickly to our supporters once the facts have been established.  I’ve seen a media report that says the threat actor has included donor names, email addresses, addresses, phone numbers, and donation amounts – is this true?    There have been media reports of a threat actor claiming to have information about our supporters, however these allegations have not been verified. Our priority continues to be confirming the type of data that may have been accessed and whether any of our supporters are impacted. We remain committed to communicating quickly to our supporters once the facts have been established. As we have stated, we take any claim of this sort extremely seriously, which is why we immediately launched an investigation with forensic experts and informed the relevant authorities.  Should I take any steps to protect the information currently held in my Oxfam account?  Our investigation by IT forensics experts is ongoing, and our priorities are confirming the type of data that may have been accessed and whether any of our supporters are impacted. We encourage everyone to practice normal cyber security awareness and be careful when responding to unsolicited communications, including phone calls, SMS messages and emails, particularly when they request personal and account information or that you action a link or any attachments. You can find more advice on how to avoid scams generally at www.scamwatch.com.au. Oxfam Australia will not contact you while we are investigating this suspected data incident to ask for personal information, so please report any suspicious behaviour to us directly by contacting our team on 1800 088 110.  Has my password been compromised? Should I change my passwords?  Based on our current investigation, there is no evidence that passwords have been compromised.  Although we are still investigating who may have been impacted, we encourage everyone to practice normal cyber security awareness and be careful when responding to unsolicited communications, including phone calls, SMS messages and emails, particularly when they request personal and account information or that you action a link or any attachments. You can find more advice on how to avoid scams generally at www.scamwatch.com.au. Oxfam Australia will not contact you while we are investigating this suspected data incident to ask for personal information, so please report any suspicious behaviour to us directly by contacting our team on 1800 088 110.  Have my credit card/bank details been accessed – should I cancel my card?  Based on our current investigation, there is no evidence that credit or bank card numbers have been compromised. If you wish to be proactive about your information security, you may wish to contact your financial institution and explore with them what additional security controls may be offered.  Although we are still investigating who may have been impacted, we encourage everyone to practice normal cyber security awareness and be careful when responding to unsolicited communications, including phone calls, SMS messages and emails, particularly when they request personal and account information or that you action a link or any attachments. You can find more advice on how to avoid scams generally at www.scamwatch.com.au. Oxfam Australia will not contact you while we are investigating this suspected data incident to ask for personal information, so please report any suspicious behaviour to us directly by contacting our team on 1800 088 110.  Why did Oxfam have my details in the first place?  Oxfam has records of people who may have signed a petition or taken part in a campaign, or who have made donations or purchased through our former shops. The types of personal information that Oxfam collects, and how we collect, handle and use that information, is documented within our Privacy Policy.  Will Oxfam remove my details from its database if I request this?  We will remove your contact details from our marketing database and ensure that you no longer receive marketing materials from us. We will also remove your information from other systems where possible and where we are not required to retain that information in respect of our regulatory obligations or where the information is no longer required for the purpose for which it was collected.  When will Oxfam’s investigation be finished? When will I get more information?  Oxfam is committed to providing information quickly and will provide updates when we learn more. Upon becoming aware of the alleged data incident, Oxfam immediately launched an investigation. The investigation is ongoing and complex.  I’ve had a scam call/s or unsolicited emails etc, is this linked to the Oxfam Australia incident?  Australians are subjected to scam calls on a frequent basis using an array of data available from our social media accounts and many other places. ScamWatch.gov.au publishes information on its website about the most current scams impacting the community. If you believe that scam activity you have experienced relates to this event, please contact our supporter response team on 1800 088 110.","(29, 33, 0.9777456521987915, 0.9939864187529592)"
Ambulance Tasmania,05/02/2021,2021,"Ambulance Tasmania is committed to the privacy and confidentiality of its patients and is continuing to work on improving its systems to ensure that information about people who need our services is protected.  Like other emergency services around Australia, Ambulance Tasmania uses a paging network to communicate with paramedics. This is used to alert crews to incidents, as well as provide information to our staff that is critical for both their safety and the safety of patients.  Unfortunately, as has occurred with other services around the country, Ambulance Tasmania has been subject to some of this data being accessed and published without authorisation. With the involvement of Tasmania Police, the site was shut down early last month.  As a result of this unauthorised action, Ambulance Tasmania has moved immediately to ensure the risk of patient data being misused is minimised.  Changes have been made to the way Ambulance Tasmania’s staff input and manage patient information to ensure additional triage and protection of data and that only essential information is transmitted.  Ambulance Tasmania is also part of an emergency services’ steering committee examining options to further protect data through technology solutions.  This is a complex and technologically challenging issue, which is being faced by a number of jurisdictions, and therefore this work will take some time.  In the meantime, any patient of Ambulance Tasmania who has concerns regarding this issue is encouraged to email Ambulance Tasmania via at.enquiries@ambulance.tas.gov.au  Anyone needing emergency medical care should continue to call 000. Ambulance Tasmania’s priority is to save lives, and ensure the highest levels of safety and protection for our staff and patients.  5 February 2021  Ambulance,","(9, 3, 0.9903978506724039, 0.9983280301094055)"
Swinburne University of Technology,16/04/2021,2021,"In summary Swinburne responds to a data breach affecting some staff, students and external parties  We sincerely apologise to all those impacted by this breach We take a proactive approach to cybersecurity and continue to strengthen our systems to prevent future incidents  Last month, Swinburne was advised that some information, such as names, email addresses and phone numbers, of around 5,200 Swinburne staff, 100 Swinburne students and some externals had been inadvertently made available on the internet. This data was event registration information from multiple events from 2013 onwards.  We took immediate action to investigate and respond to this data breach, including removing the information and conducting an audit across other similar sites.  Our investigation showed that the source of the data was an event registration webpage that is no longer available. The information made available was name, email address and, in some cases, a contact phone number.  We sincerely apologise to all those impacted by this data breach and for any concerns this has caused. We are currently in the process of contacting all individuals whose information was made available to apologise to them and offer appropriate support. We are also contacting around 200 other individuals not connected to Swinburne who had registered for the event and whose information was also made available.  We have reported the breach to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC), followed by the Office of the Victorian Information Commissioner (OVIC), the Tertiary Education Quality and Standards Agency (TESQA) and the Victorian Education Department.  Swinburne is committed to protecting personal information. We have a proactive approach to cyber security and continue to strengthen our systems to prevent future incidents.   Media Enquiries 0455 502 999 media@swinburne.edu.au","(8, 4, 0.9957699477672577, 0.995922788977623)"
TPG Telecom,24/05/2021,2021,"TPG Telecom Limited notes that its legacy cloud-based hosting service, TrustedCloud, was compromised in a recent cyber incident. Based on the evidence from our forensic experts, only two TrustedCloud customers had their data accessed in the incident. At this point, we do not believe any other TrustedCloud customers were impacted.   The incident was isolated to the TrustedCloud service. The TrustedCloud service is hosted in a standalone environment that is separate from our telecommunications networks and other systems. The incident has not impacted customers from any of our other brands, products or services.  TrustedCloud, formerly called Wavenet, is a legacy IntraPower product which was acquired in 2011 by the former TPG Telecom with the acquisition of IntraPower Limited. TrustedCloud uses legacy IT systems and was already in the process of being decommissioned and is scheduled to close at the end of August 2021. There are only a few remaining customers using the TrustedCloud service.   We have notified and have been working with the two impacted customers and continue to provide them with information and assistance.   We have notified the relevant government authorities and we have engaged external cyber security experts to assist with management of the incident.   We have introduced measures to improve the security of the TrustedCloud service. Although we are confident this incident has not impacted our other environments, we have also increased the cyber security defences across our entire business.  Authorised for lodgment by:  Trent Czinner Company Secretary TPG Telecom Limited Investor.Relations@tpgtelecom.com.au","(8, 6, 0.9949794113636017, 0.9853125115235647)"
NSW Department of Education,08/07/2021,2021,"The NSW Department of Education has been a victim of a cyber-security attack.  08 July 2021  The NSW Department of Education has been a victim of a cyber-security attack.  In response, a number of internal systems have been deactivated by the Department as a precaution and have been unavailable since late Wednesday.  NSW Education Secretary Georgina Harrisson said the Department’s priority is the safety and security of its student and staff data, and it has therefore made the precautionary decision to take some systems offline while it investigates further.  ""The timing of this creates considerable challenges for staff as we prepare for the start of Term 3,” Ms Harrisson said.  “Thankfully, our teams have been able to isolate the issues and we are working to reactivate services as soon as possible.”  Department of Education and Cyber Security NSW teams are working to ensure normal access is restored in time for the start of Term 3.  “I am confident we will have the issue resolved soon and want to reassure teachers and parents that there will be no impact on students learning from home next week,” Ms Harrisson said.  ""Whilst we are confident all systems will be back online before Day 1, Term 3, we are making information to support home learning available on our public website so that preparations for the start of term can continue.""  The Department is also working closely with Cyber Security NSW to resolve the issue, and the matter has been referred to the NSW Police and federal agencies.  As the matter is under investigation, it is inappropriate to make any further comment.","(4, 6, 0.996266633272171, 0.9978725612163544)"
SA Ambulance Service,10/11/2021,2021,"What happened? SA Ambulance Service (SAAS) can confirm that a sample of data containing personal information relating to approximately 32,000 ambulance attendances between 2000 and 2003 has been lost. A data storage device containing the data was stolen from an external consultancy firm. SAAS were notified of this loss in late July 2021 and have been working the firm and SA Health to identify and contact affected individuals. The data loss was reported to the South Australian Police, Office of the Australian Information Commissioner and the Privacy Committee of South Australia. What information was included in the data? The data relates to sample of Ambulance attendances in the years 2000, 2001, 2002 and 2003. The data contains a combination of the following: • Personal information (i.e. consumer name, date of birth, gender, address) • Ambulance attendance details (i.e. address of ambulance call out, transport destination) • Patient condition and some treatment codes • Billing codes and details (no payment details were included in this data) • Ambulance Cover membership details • Pension Concession number (if relevant) • Department of Veterans’ Affairs number (if relevant) We recognise this data is very personal in nature and we regret this has happened. Is SAPOL investigating the theft? SAPOL investigated the theft and did not charge anybody or recover the data. SAAS was advised the investigation is complete. Why did the consultancy firm have my data? Following an internal review, SAAS identified the data sample was provided to the consultancy firm in 2003-2004. At the time, a series of issues were being considered about private health insurance arrangements, including cover for ambulance attendance and transport. SAAS formed a working group to consider how the changes might affect the financial resourcing of the service and the Ambulance Cover scheme. The consultancy firm were provided the data to undertake some financial modelling. Is my data safe? SAAS is unable to give any assurance about the safety of the data. SAAS has received no notification the data has been used inappropriately. Some of the data lost contains Pension Concession Numbers. SAAS alerted Services Australia who applied additional security measures to protect associated Centrelink records and to detect suspicious activity. No action is required from you. Services Australia will contact you if they detect unusual activity. You can request a replacement Centrelink concession card via your Centrelink online accounts linked to your myGov. If you are concerned, please call the Scams and Identity Theft Helpdesk on 1800 941 126 (Monday to Friday, 8am to 5pm AEST).  What have you been doing about this? Once alerted to the theft, SAAS worked with SA Health to undertake the task of matching personal contact information to current records so we could reach out to those impacted. SAAS will only contact consumers by written, printed correspondence or telephone call. We will not communicate with affected consumers via SMS (text message), social media, or unsolicited email. Who can I go to for support and counselling about the loss of my personal information? SAAS has partnered with IDCARE, Australia’s national identity and cybersecurity community support service. Their case managers can work with you to address concerns about personal information risks, instances where you think your information may have been misused, or queries about how it might be used. IDCARE’s services are available at no cost to you. To contact them, either complete an online ‘Get Help’ form at www.idcare.org or call 1800 595 160 or (08) 7078 7741 (Monday to Friday, 8:30am to 5:30pm ACDT). If this matter has caused you any personal distress and you require further support, please consider the list of service providers available from the Mental Health Services Directory on the SA Health Website. How do I know this won’t happen again? The data lost was released in 2003-2004 when SAAS was not part of the Government of South Australia. As a government agency since 2008, SAAS has robust policies and procedures for data sharing and disposal to ensure the highest levels of security and safety with the management personal information. How do I get more information? Anyone with concerns or requiring information in relation to this data loss incident should contact the dedicated SAAS information line on 1800 512 213 (Monday to Friday, 10am to 5pm ACDT) or email Health.SAASPrivacyEnquiries@sa.gov.au. You can also go to www.sahealth.sa.gov.au/SAASdata. Can I have this fact sheet in another language? This document is available in Italian, Vietnamese, Greek, Mandarin and Cantonese at www.sahealth.sa.gov.au/SAASdata. I used an Ambulance in 2000, 2001, 2002 or 2003 and I’m concerned my information might be in the data lost, what do I do? Please call 1800 512 213. Our team will try to determine if you are an affected individual after you answer a few identifying questions. To ensure individuals’ information is protected, in some instances, you may be referred to our Freedom of Information process to gain access to the data. This will be free of charge. Our team will assist you in this process. What do I need to do? No action is required from you. We apologise for this unfortunate event and reassure you that actions have been undertaken prevent any similar occurrence. SAAS is committed to delivering the very best patient care to all members of the South Australian community.","(27, 28, 0.9889168805546231, 0.9950842218739646)"
Frontier Software,16/11/2021,2021,"Posted 16 Nov 2021 Frontier Software is currently experiencing a cyber incident which has resulted in limited access to some of our computer systems and data.  We have engaged external cyber security experts to investigate the incident and support the work of our IT team in restoring our systems as quickly as possible.  While investigations are ongoing, we are aware that this incident has caused some disruption to the services we provide to our customers. We are committed to communicating and working closely with our customers to minimise any impact on their operations during this time.  We will continue to provide updated information as we gain greater clarity about the incident and the likely timeframe for its resolution.  If you are a client of Frontier Software you may access further information in the client area of the website.","(4, 2, 0.9966748654842377, 0.9976993203163147)"
Okta,22/03/2022,2022,"The Okta service has not been breached and remains fully operational. There are no corrective actions that need to be taken by our customers.   In January 2022, Okta detected an unsuccessful attempt to compromise the account of a customer support engineer working for a third-party provider. As part of our regular procedures, we alerted the provider to the situation, while simultaneously terminating the user’s active Okta sessions and suspending the individual’s account. Following those actions, we shared pertinent information (including suspicious IP addresses) to supplement their investigation, which was supported by a third-party forensics firm.  Following the completion of the service provider’s investigation, we received a report from the forensics firm this week. The report highlighted that there was a five-day window of time between January 16-21, 2022, where an attacker had access to a support engineer’s laptop. This is consistent with the screenshots that we became aware of yesterday.  The potential impact to Okta customers is limited to the access that support engineers have. These engineers are unable to create or delete users, or download customer databases. Support engineers do have access to limited data - for example, Jira tickets and lists of users - that were seen in the screenshots. Support engineers are also able to facilitate the resetting of passwords and multi-factor authentication factors for users, but are unable to obtain those passwords.  We are actively continuing our investigation, including identifying and contacting those customers that may have been impacted. There is no impact to Auth0 customers, and there is no impact to HIPAA and FedRAMP customers.  We take our responsibility to protect and secure our customers' information very seriously. We are deeply committed to transparency and will communicate additional updates when available.","(8, 8, 0.9966129213571548, 0.9906354248523712)"
Department of Home Affairs,19/04/2022,2022,"On 7 April 2022, reports were inadvertently published on the Australian Parliament House website that contained personal information about people who had been in immigration detention for a period of two years or more. The reports were relating to reviews of cases by the Commonwealth Ombudsman. Those reviews takes place in line with statutory reporting requirements under Part 8C of the Migration Act 1958 (the Act). The Department of Home Affairs is taking steps to notify affected individuals of the incident. In limited circumstances where it is not practicable to notify some of those affected individuals, this Fact Sheet together with the public statement on the Department’s website is notification of this incident. What is the Commonwealth Ombudsman reporting process? Under Part 8C of the Act, the Commonwealth Ombudsman reviews individual detention cases for persons who have been detained for a period (or cumulative period) of two years, and then every successive period of six months. The Commonwealth Ombudsman provides the Minister for Immigration, Citizenship, Migrant Services and Multicultural Affairs with an assessment of each case reviewed, and a de-identified statement to be tabled in both Houses of Parliament. Section 486P of the Act requires the Minister to table the de-identified documents in both Houses of Parliament, after which they are published on the Australian Parliament House website. What happened? The Department of Home Affairs manages the administrative steps under this process, including the provision of documents for tabling in the Houses of Parliament and publishing on the Australian Parliament House website. On this occasion, whilst the Department of Home Affairs was seeking to comply with its statutory reporting obligations under the Act, the documents provided by the Department of Home Affairs for publishing were not de-identified. Will the Department of Home Affairs notify affected individuals? Yes. The Department of Home Affairs has taken steps to notify affected individuals directly. In limited circumstances where it is not practicable to notify some of those affected individuals, the Department has made a public statement on its website and published this Fact Sheet. Where required, letters will be provided in the individuals’ preferred language. If you have received a letter and need help understanding your letter, you can contact the Department on 131 881. Alternatively, you may wish to seek independent legal advice, or engage with a registered migration agent for immigration assistance (relating to your visa status). A dedicated mailbox has also been set up to receive queries or additional information regarding this breach. Queries or additional information can be submitted to detention.review.breach@homeaffairs.gov.au. How long was the information available? The documents were published on the Australian Parliament House website on 7 April 2022 at approximately 2:30pm, and were accessible for a period of approximately 24 hours. Can anyone see my personal details on the Australian Parliament House website now? No. The information was removed from the website as soon as possible once the error was identified, at approximately 3:00pm on 8 April 2022. The correct, de-identified information was published on the Australian Parliament House website on 12 April 2022. How did the Department of Home Affairs become aware of the privacy breach? On 8 April 2022, the Department was notified of the unauthorised disclosure by the Commonwealth Ombudsman’s Office. Who has seen my personal information as a result of the unauthorised disclosure? There are limits to the extent to which the Department can trace who may have accessed the information, or where information may have been accessed from. However, the Department of Home Affairs can assure you your identifiable personal information is no longer available on the Australian Parliament House website. What steps are being taken to make sure this does not happen again? The Department of Home Affairs is taking steps to contact all people affected by this data breach and has notified the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner of the breach. Where individuals cannot be contacted, the Department has published a statement on its website and this Fact Sheet containing information about the breach. The Department is conducting a review into the breach, and its findings and recommendations regarding process improvements will be carefully considered. Will this affect my immigration status? Can I apply for a protection visa now? We will assess what effect the incident may have on your immigration status as part of our normal processes. You may also raise concerns you have during those processes, or provide your concerns in writing to the Department at detention.review.breach@homeaffairs.gov.au. The incident has no effect on your ability to apply for an Australian protection visa. I am a transitory person, will this enable me to settle in Australia? There will be no change in the Government’s policy relating to illegal maritime arrivals. Persons who arrive by boat will not be settled in Australia. If you are a transitory person, you are encouraged to engage with third country resettlement options. What personal details were published on the Australian Parliament House website? The documents published included two different types of documents – in some cases, only a person’s name, year of birth, period of detention, detention status and dates of previous Commonwealth Ombudsman reviews were published. In other instances, the information published was more detailed and could have included a person’s name, period of detention, immigration history, as well as information pertaining to criminal offences, protection claims and medical history (where relevant). Has the Department of Home Affairs breached the Australian Privacy Principles? There has been unauthorised disclosure of some people’s personal information. The Department has reported the breach to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner. Is the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner aware of the unauthorised disclosure? Yes. The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) has been notified of the breach. Can I seek advice from a migration agent about how the unauthorised disclosure may affect me? Yes, you may want to consider speaking to a registered migration agent about the unauthorised disclosure. A registered migration agent can provide you with immigration assistance (relating to your visa status). If you require other guidance, you may wish to seek independent legal advice. What does this mean for my family overseas? Will it affect them? If you think your family has been affected by the unauthorised disclosure, and you want them to come to Australia, they may be able to apply for an Australian visa through normal visa application channels. Where can I get more information? A specific mailbox has been set up to receive queries or additional information specific to this incident – detention.review.breach@homeaffairs.gov.au. The mailbox is monitored between 9am and 5pm, Monday to Friday, excluding public holidays. You can also contact the Department Monday to Friday, 9am to 5pm local time, on 131 881, or +61 2 6196 0196 if you are outside Australia. Where can I get additional support? You may wish to seek independent legal advice, or to engage with a registered Migration Agent in regards to this letter. More information on how to find a registered migration agent, who can provide you with immigration assistance (relating to your visa status), is available on the Department’s website at www.mara.gov.au. Health and welfare support is available to detainees via the Department’s detention health services provider, International Health and Medical Services. Affected individuals in the community may wish to contact their General Practitioner or a local mental health support service for additional support.","(27, 43, 0.9784698199342798, 0.9939633205879567)"
National Tertiary Education Union,04/05/2022,2022,"Posted 4 May 2022 by Michael Evans (NTEU National Office)   To All NTEU Members:  To All NTEU Members  On Wednesday May 4 NTEU servers and networks were subject to a ransomware attack. While at this early stage we cannot be certain of the extent of the data breach and its implications, the potential exists that your personal details may have been compromised.  Your credit card and banking details are subject to a higher level of internal NTEU encryption and it may be that they will not be accessible to the hacker but in the interests of caution we are not assuming so.  At this stage the hacker has not indicated any intention to release the data to anyone other than NTEU. Nevertheless, while we don’t have or store any of your online passwords on file, your other personal details may be able to be used to try to steal your identity.  Therefore we recommend that you change the passwords for your credit cards and online banking accounts as soon as possible and that you maintain a higher than normal level of vigilance for the time being.  Out of caution we also advise you to check that no suspicious or fraudulent activity has taken place in relation to your banking and credit card accounts.  Please note that members who are paying their NTEU membership fees by payroll deduction or by invoice do not need to take these steps as we don’t have access to any of your banking or credit card details.  NTEU takes our responsibility to secure the data that you have entrusted us with seriously, but as with many other organisations, all our precautions were unable to prevent this malicious attack.  We immediately notified the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner of the data breach.  We will continue to keep you updated if there any further developments.  Matthew McGowan General Secretary","(2, 10, 0.9930347502231598, 0.9934311807155609)"
Transport for NSW,04/05/2022,2022,"Published 4 May 2022 In early April 2022, Transport for NSW identified its Authorised Inspection Scheme (AIS) online application had been impacted by a cyber-incident. In early April 2022, Transport for NSW identified its Authorised Inspection Scheme (AIS) online application had been impacted by a cyber-incident.   During the incident, an unauthorised third party successfully accessed a small number of the application’s user accounts.  Additional security measures were put in place and monitoring of the application is continuing.    Support available   We recognise that data privacy is paramount and deeply regret that customers may be affected by this attack.    Scammers may try to capitalise on these events. Customers should not respond to unsolicited phone calls, emails or text messages from anyone claiming to be from Transport for NSW related to any security matter.    Transport for NSW is notifying affected Examiners individually and providing options to help them avoid further impacts from the incident.  If you are an affected Examiner with concerns about this incident, please contact our customer line on 1300 234 987 or email responsetaskforce@transport.nsw.gov.au  Protecting yourself   Cyber Security NSW recommends that all NSW residents take steps to protect their personal information.     Wherever possible implement multi-factor authentication for your online accounts  Never feel like you have to respond to unsolicited phone calls, emails or text messages. Scammers impersonate government and business to convince people to take actions. If you aren’t sure, do your own research and make contact using publicly listed contact details for the organisation. Talk to your financial institution about improving your online security. Most scammers are after your money. Ensure you have anti-virus software on all of your online devices.  For more guidance, please visit Staying Safe Online. ","(5, 11, 0.9962388515472412, 0.9971114126118746)"
Spirit Super,27/05/2022,2022,"Spirit Super have today contacted members affected by a data incident that has unfortunately resulted in some personal details being compromised. This article outlines what’s happened and what Spirit is doing to support affected members.  Please Note: If you haven’t received an email, SMS or letter from Spirit Super about this incident then you have not been identified as affected by this breach.  What happened? On 19 May 2022 Spirit Super experienced a data incident where a staff member’s email account was compromised.  We detected the information security breach and contained the account quickly. We have continued to investigate the extent of the breach, and we believe there was unauthorised access to a mailbox containing personal data.  The personal data that may have been compromised is similar to some information provided in an annual statement, including names, addresses, ages (as at 2019 and 2020), email addresses, telephone numbers, member account numbers and member balances (as at 2019 and 2020).  It is important to note that this data DOES NOT include dates of birth, government identification numbers (such as tax file numbers or driver's license details), or tax file numbers or any bank account details.  The breach was the result of an email phishing activity, rather than a system error, regardless we are taking all reasonable steps to prevent this from happening again.  Please be assured investigations to date indicate that accounts have not been compromised. We have increased the levels of security to ensure our members’ accounts remain safe. Our investigation will continue.  What are we doing? Spirit Super takes cybersecurity and the protection and privacy of our members’ data extremely seriously. We moved immediately to secure accounts and member data.  We are undertaking a thorough investigation to assess the impact. This includes reviewing account activity and placing enhanced controls on accounts.  We are also notifying all relevant authorities, including the Privacy Commissioner, and will work with them in a transparent manner  We will take immediate precautions to further strengthen our IT security and reduce future risks of cyber incidents  I’m worried, who can I speak to about this? We understand that members may feel worried about this breach, and how it may affect them personally.  Please be assured that our members are our highest priority, and we want you to be aware that we have and will continue to work to assess and contain the situation as our top priority. We deeply regret this incident, and sincerely apologise to members who may have been affected by this data breach.  General inquiries can continue to be made to the Spirit Super contact centre on 1800 005 166. We have extended our contact centre hours and will be open Saturday 28th May between 8 am and 12 pm as well if you wish to speak to someone sooner.  If there is any further information that comes to light, we will let you know by updating this page.","(14, 11, 0.9964216564382825, 0.9948762113397772)"
CTARS,30/05/2022,2022,"On the evening of 15 May 2022, we (CTARS- a cloud based client management system for NDIS and out of home care services) became aware that an unauthorised third party had gained access to our systems. The third party has claimed it has taken a large volume of data. On the morning of 21 May 2022, we became aware that a sample of that data had been posted on a deep web forum.  Although we cannot confirm the details of all the data in the time available, to be extra careful we are treating any information held in our database as being compromised. This data includes documents containing personal information relating to our customers and their clients and carers.  This webpage is only for people who have been contacted by their NDIS or OOHC provider and informed that they may be impacted by this incident – not all NDIS or OOHC participants have been impacted by this data breach.  We understand that this incident may raise concerns for you. In the information below, we outline the particular types of personal information likely to be involved, the steps we have taken to date and the steps that you can take to reduce the potential impact on your personal information if you think you may have been affected  On this page:  Who is CTARS? What personal information was impacted? For NDIS participants and service providers For OOHC participants and carers What has been done to date? What can you do? Further information Contact IDCARE Precautionary steps For impacted contact information For impacted identity information For impacted health or other sensitive information For Medicare or Pensioner Cards Services Australia For an impacted Tax File Number What support is available for high-risk or vulnerable people? WHO IS CTARS? If you have not heard of CTARS before, we are a cloud based client management system provider for NDIS, disability services, out of home care, and children’s services.  Our customers are service providers and we hold personal information of their clients, staff carers and other third party suppliers in our system.  We have contacted impacted providers who use our system. This page is only relevant to people who have been contacted by those impacted NDIS or OOHC providers and told that they are affected by this incident.  WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION WAS IMPACTED? Due to the very large volume of information held by CTARS and the very lengthy time it would take to review in detail, we are unable to confirm exactly what personal information of yours was affected by the incident.  Whilst you should consider the specific information held by your relevant provider organisation, the following types of personal information were present in the CTARS database:  FOR NDIS PARTICIPANTS AND PROVIDERS For NDIS participants your care provider uses CTARS to record information about you in order to ensure your care needs are met, your goals are achieved, and your funding is managed. This means that personal, health and other sensitive information about you is stored in CTARS and is accessible to your care provider so that, alongside you, decisions about your care needs can be made. Your care team may record information that is important to you so that there is a record throughout your care journey.  In relation to NDIS Providers and other contacts, information may include your contact details and other information relevant to the provision of care.  Your NDIS provider, who used CTARS’s platform, may be able to assist in confirming what personal information of yours was held by CTARS.  FOR OOHC PARTICIPANTS AND CARERS For OOHC participants your care provider uses CTARS to record information about you in order to ensure your care needs are met. This means that information about you, including your personal, health and other sensitive information is stored in CTARS and is accessible to your care provider so that, alongside you, decisions about your care needs can be made. Your care team may record information that is important to you so that there is a record throughout your care journey.  In relation to OOHC carers and other contacts information may include your contact details, and other information relevant to the provision of care, including relevant legal checks and registrations.  Your care provider organisation may be able to assist in confirming what personal information of yours was held by CTARS  WHAT HAS BEEN DONE TO DATE CTARS has reported the incident to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) and the Australian Cyber Security Centre (ACSC).  An independent national identity and cyber support community service (IDCARE) has been engaged, at our cost, to support you if you need assistance.  We have also engaged external cyber-security and forensic specialists who have been working alongside our IT security team to help contain the event, implement additional security measures and investigate the breach.  WHAT YOU CAN DO CONTACT US IF YOU NEED MORE INFORMATION If you would like further information about the data breach, a response team is on hand to answer your questions. The response team can be contacted at responseteam@ctars.com.au.  You may also wish to contact your relevant care provider organisation.  Further information on online safety, cyber security and helpful tips to protect yourself and respond to scams, identity theft and other online risks, can be found at the following government agency websites:  https://www.cyber.gov.au/acsc/view-all-content/threats https://www.scamwatch.gov.au/ We take the privacy and protection of your personal information extremely seriously and sincerely regret any impact this incident may have on you.  CONTACT IDCARE FOR INDIVIDUAL CASE MANAGEMENT AND ASSISTANCE If you are concerned about the potential misuse of your personal information, we have arranged free support from IDCARE, Australia’s national identity and cybersecurity community support service.  Please engage an IDCARE Case Manager via IDCARE’s Get Help Web Form at https://www.idcare.org/contact/get-help if you have broader identity security concerns.  Alternatively you may visit IDCARE’s Learning Centre for further information and resources on protecting your personal information https://www.idcare.org/learning-centre.  IDCARE’s services may be accessed by providing referral code CTR22 when completing its Get Help Web Form or calling 1800 595 160.  WHAT PRECAUTIONARY STEPS YOU CAN TAKE IDCARE, Australia’s national identity and cybersecurity community support service, can assist you with many of the precautionary actions we have set out below.  Your provider may be able to assist in confirming what personal information of yours was held by CTARS, this will help you determine which steps you may need to take.  Contact information  Where a third party may have access to your contact information or the information of someone in your care, it is important to:  be alert for any email, telephone, and text-based phishing scams; (i.e., fraudulent communications disguised as if to look like they come from an organisation you trust) and, in particular any such scam activity purporting to come from your provider organisation or CTARS; ensure you have up-to-date anti-virus software installed on any device you use to access online accounts; change your online account passwords. The ACSC provides guidance around good password practice which can be accessed here: https://www.cyber.gov.au/acsc/view-all-content/publications/creating-strong-passphrases; and enable multi-factor authentication for you online accounts where possible. Identity Information  Unauthorised access to your identification (“ID”) does not affect its validity and you are still able to use it for its intended purpose, and as a valid form of proof of identity. However, this ID information provides credentials which can be used, for example, to obtain a line of credit, or conduct other fraudulent transactions.  As such, we recommend contacting the issuing authority to let them know that a copy of your ID may have been accessed by an unauthorised third party, and request that they put an alert or restriction on your file.  As an additional measure, you may wish to apply for a credit ban and credit report. You can apply for a free annual credit report from all official credit reporting agencies (CRAs).  You can also contact the below credit reporting bodies to apply for a temporary credit ban to stop unauthorised access to your consumer credit file. This means that credit reporting agencies are not able to give your information to any credit providers for 21 days, unless you provide written consent for them to do so, or if they are required by law.  Equifax: https://www.equifax.com.au/personal/products/credit-and-identity-products  Illion: https://www.creditcheck.illion.com.au/  Experian: http://www.experian.com.au/consumer-reports  If you’re still concerned about fraud towards the end of the ban period you can request the credit reporting body to extend it.  Health or other sensitive information  Health information impacted by the incident could include details of the diagnoses, treatment, or recovery of a medical condition or disability.  Other sensitive information may include details relating to OOHC.  Health and other sensitive personal information by itself is generally not useful to a cyber-criminal.  However, we acknowledge and understand that it may be upsetting to have your health or disability information accessed. We regret that this incident has taken place and sincerely apologise for any unease this may cause you.  If you are experiencing any distress, we recommend that you seek health advice from a registered health professional you know and trust.  Medicare or Pensioner Cards  If your Medicare Card may have been impacted, you can ask for a new card. You can do this by:  using your Medicare online account through myGov the Express Plus Medicare mobile app calling the Medicare program. Your new card will replace your old card. You’ll have the same Medicare number that you did before, only the last digit will change. Your old card will no longer be valid.  If your pensioner concession card has been impacted, you can replace it by:  • requesting a new card via your myGov account linked to Centrelink  • calling Centrelink on 132 300 or your regular payment line  • visiting a Centrelink Service Centre.  Services Australia  We have alerted Services Australia to the incident and have provided them with information relating to Services Australia customer credentials. This is so Services Australia can apply increased identity security measures. Whilst you do not need to take any further action, if you have any concerns, you can call or email the Services Australia Scams and Identity Theft Helpdesk on 1800 941 126 Monday to Friday 8 am to 5 pm AEST or at reportascam@servicesaustralia.gov.au. More information is available on the Services Australia Website at https://www.servicesaustralia.gov.au/scams-and-identity-theft?context=60271  Tax File Number (TFN)  We have reported the incident to the Australian Taxation Office (ATO), in order that they can add additional security measures to your Tax File Number. These measures aim to detect fraudulent activity. There is nothing further you need to do. However, if you have any concerns, you may wish to contact the ATO’s specialist Client Identity Support Centre on 1800 467 033 Monday to Friday 8.00am–6.00pm AEST. More information is available on the ATO’s website at  https://www.ato.gov.au/general/online-services/identity-security-and-scams/help-for-identity-theft/data-breach-guidance-for-individuals/ WHAT SUPPORT IS AVAILABLE FOR HIGH-RISK OR VULNERABLE PEOPLE? CTARS have arranged free support from IDCARE, Australia’s national identity and cybersecurity community support service.  Anyone affected by this incident, but particularly high risk and vulnerable persons, can engage an IDCARE Case Manager via IDCARE’s Get Help Web Form at https://www.idcare.org/contact/get-help.  Alternatively you may visit IDCARE’s Learning Centre for further information and resources on protecting your personal information https://www.idcare.org/learning-centre.  IDCARE’s services may be accessed by providing referral code CTR22 when completing its Get Help Web Form or calling 1800 595 160.","(37, 38, 0.9859133588301169, 0.975390402894271)"
Deakin University,12/07/2022,2022,"Deakin University was recently targeted in a data security breach earlier this week. Deakin sincerely apologises to those impacted by this incident and wants to assure the Deakin community that it is conducting a thorough investigation to prevent a similar incident from occurring again.  What happened? On Sunday 10 July, Deakin University became aware of an incident in which a staff member’s username and password was hacked and used by an unauthorised person to access information held by a third-party provider.  This third-party has been engaged by Deakin to forward messages prepared by the University to students via SMS. The information accessed by the unauthorised person was then used to send an SMS, as if from Deakin, to 9,997 Deakin students with the following text:  Anyone who clicked on the link was taken to a form which asked for additional information including credit card details.  In addition to sending the SMS, the unauthorised person downloaded the contact details of 46,980 current and past Deakin students.  The contact details included student name, student ID, student mobile number, Deakin email address and special comments. The special comments included recent unit results.   Immediate action was taken by Deakin to stop any further SMS messages being sent to students and an investigation into the data breach was immediately commenced.  What is Deakin doing now? Deakin will report the breach, and be guided by, the Office of the Victorian Information Commissioner (OVIC).  Deakin continues to investigate the incident and is working with the third-party provider to ensure security protocols are enhanced to prevent any recurrence of this breach.  What do I do now? If you received this SMS message or have been contacted by Deakin to advise you are part of this breach, please read the following information.  Stay vigilant. You may receive further spam attempts to get your private data or access to your devices.  If you’re worried, contact your financial institution. If you have clicked the link and sent money, shared your banking details or are concerned your banking details may have been subsequently breached, contact your financial institution immediately. Reach out for help. Deakin will support any students who may have fallen victim to this incident. Please contact Student Central to discuss your individual situation so that we can offer specific support and referral services. Change your password. Instructions for changing your Deakin password can be found in Username and Password support. Malicious attacks are becoming more common place, and more difficult for individuals to detect, however we must all remain vigilant. Deakin’s Cyber Security team is committed to protecting the personal information of our entire community.  How to stay safe online Always think before you click. Hover over links (or tap and hold on mobile devices) before you click on them to make sure they’re going to take you to a legitimate site. Be wary of unsolicited contact. If you are contacted by a company or person unexpectedly, requesting information not normally requested, report or delete these messages. Use the Phish Alert button. Report any suspicious emails to Digital Services so that they can assess the material and take the necessary steps to protect you and Deakin. We will continue to take an educative and proactive approach to cyber security and continue to strengthen our systems to prevent future incidents.   Where to get more information or support You can contact Student Central in the first instance with any questions or concerns, and we encourage you to visit Deakin’s Cybersecurity blog for more information. DUSA’s financial counselling service may also be able to help you.  The following external websites provide helpful resources and information about scams, including advice on what you should do if you suspect you have been scammed or you’re in need of financial assistance.     Scamwatch Australia IDCare eSafety National Debt Helpline on 1800 007 007.","(17, 20, 0.9670711335013894, 0.9791246682405472)"
University of Western Australia,29/07/2022,2022,"Friday 29 July 2022    Dear students  I am writing to let you know about a recent data breach that occurred at The University of Western Australia, how it possibly affects you, and the steps you can take in response.  What happened?  UWA has detected unauthorised login activity to Callista, the University’s Student Information Management System.  The University is currently investigating this data breach and unauthorised access. The incident has also been reported to the Western Australian Police for investigation.  What personal information was involved?   The data that has been accessed includes name, student ID and image, date of birth and contact details as well as course details and unit grades. No credit card details, tax file numbers, bank information or medical records are included in Callista.  Steps to consider  Please visit our dedicated webpage which contains FAQs. The University will continue to update this site.  There are also actions you can take at an individual level to help protect your data. This includes using strong passwords, resetting them regularly, remaining vigilant about where you store your data and being alert to suspicious activity.   If you are concerned or would like support, please email student-support@uwa.edu.au or access our student support services.   Yours sincerely      Professor Amit Chakma  Vice-Chancellor  The University of Western Australia  Vice-Chancellery  •  M464, Perth WA 6009 Australia","(7, 7, 0.9966410824230739, 0.9957074522972107)"
Fremantle Football Club,04/09/2022,2022,"A message to members from Fremantle CEO Simon Garlick.  By fremantlefc.com.au on Sep 4, 2022, 2:51pm  On behalf of the Club, I would like to sincerely apologise for any inconvenience or confusion caused this morning with incorrect finals ticketing and email information that was communicated via SMS.   Our management team have been working through the error with the absolute priority being to ensure our members’ ability to access finals tickets will not be compromised as a result of the error.   I ask that you please disregard all ticketing communications and codes received from the Club this morning via email and SMS.   You will instead be issued with a password later today, via email, to purchase up to 10 tickets for the semi-final match against Collingwood during the priority period on Monday morning at 8am WST.   For matches beyond next week’s semi-finals, new member codes will be generated by the AFL and provided to members.   We take your privacy and information very seriously and we appreciate your understanding with this. We can assure you that we will work diligently to review the matter and ensure this error does not happen again.  Thank you again for your support.  Simon Garlick Fremantle Dockers CEO","(7, 3, 0.9950488465172904, 0.9960896174112955)"
Optus,20/09/2022,2022,"Following a cyberattack, Optus is investigating the possible unauthorised access of current and former customers’ information.  Upon discovering this, Optus immediately shut down the attack. Optus is working with the Australian Cyber Security Centre to mitigate any risks to customers. Optus has also notified the Australian Federal Police, the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner and key regulators.  ""We are devastated to discover that we have been subject to a cyberattack that has resulted in the disclosure of our customers’ personal information to someone who shouldn’t see it,"" said Kelly Bayer Rosmarin, Optus CEO.  ""As soon as we knew, we took action to block the attack and began an immediate investigation. While not everyone maybe affected and our investigation is not yet complete, we want all of our customers to be aware of what has happened as soon as possible so that they can increase their vigilance. We are very sorry and understand customers will be concerned. Please be assured that we are working hard, and engaging with all the relevant authorities and organisations, to help safeguard our customers as much as possible.""  Information which may have been exposed includes customers’ names, dates of birth, phone numbers, email addresses, and, for a subset of customers, addresses, ID document numbers such as driver's licence or passport numbers.  Payment detail and account passwords have not been compromised.  Optus services, including mobile and home internet, are not affected, and messages and voice calls have not been compromised. Optus services remain safe to use and operate as per normal.  “Optus has also notified key financial institutions about this matter. While we are not aware of customers having suffered any harm, we encourage customers to have heightened awareness across their accounts, including looking out for unusual or fraudulent activity and any notifications which seem odd or suspicious.”  To help protect against fraud, customers are encouraged to look to reputable sources such as:  moneysmart.gov.au/banking/identity-theft Identity fraud - Home (oaic.gov.au) For customers believed to have heightened risk, Optus will undertake proactive personal notifications and offer expert third-party monitoring services.  The most up to date information will be available via optus.com.au. For customers who have specific concerns, they can contact Optus via the My Optus App (which remains the safest way to interact with Optus) or by calling 133 937. Optus will not be sending links in any emails or SMS messages.  Media queries please contact Optus Corporate Affairs on media@optus.com.au","(11, 8, 0.9959407177838412, 0.9943792149424553)"
icare,05/10/2022,2022,"icare reiterates its sincere apology to anyone who may have been impacted by the privacy incident relating to Cost of Claims reports in May this year.  icare acknowledges the completion of the State Insurance Regulatory Authority’s (SIRA) review into the incident and the remediation actions that followed. We have worked closely with the Information and Privacy Commissioner of NSW and SIRA and can confirm remediation of this matter was completed in September 2022.  This was an isolated incident due to human error and not any failing of icare’s IT system. As a result, stronger process controls are now in place to further safeguard the information we hold.  We will continue to review our systems and safety measures to ensure they remain robust in future.  For further information, please contact privacysupport@icare.nsw.gov.au(external link) or call 02 6714 8003.  ","(6, 1, 0.9970934391021729, 0.994868278503418)"
Costa Group,08/10/2022,2022,"Costa has experienced a malicious and sophisticated IT phishing attack.  The attack occurred on 21st August 2022 and an intensive recovery and detailed review in conjunction with external IT security consultants of the incident commenced from this date.  As a result of this we have now established that access to data was confined to a single server at the Costa Corindi (NSW) site, which holds data for the berry category, and that only approximately 10% of the data on the Corindi file server was accessed.  These protective actions slowed operations, requiring the use of manual workarounds at certain sites and delayed some deliveries.  The impacts have largely subsided as we have restored the majority of our network and systems and there was no loss of data, and no material impact to operations, or earnings.  Although only approximately 10% of the data on the file server was accessed, it is not clear what specific data was accessed due to the hacker encrypting their downloads.  Much of the information that was stored on the server is not personal information, however there is a risk that personal sensitive information of workers on Costa’s Australian berry farms may have been accessed.  To date, there is no evidence that any personal information has been leaked or uploaded to any sites.  This includes employees directly hired by Costa’s berry category since 2013 or provided by labour hire organisations since 2019.  This sensitive information may include the following:  Passport details Bank details Superannuation details Tax File Numbers This information was collected in the first instance to satisfy certain laws relating to the employment of citizens and non-citizens and has been retained as per relevant record retention requirements.  Costa has notified the relevant authorities of this attack, including the Australian Cyber Security Centre and the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.  Costa has taken steps to protect against any further malicious attack, including limiting traffic to servers, increasing the level of end point protection and scheduling additional employee training relating to phishing and social engineering practices.  To minimise impact to individuals from the attack, we have been and continue to conduct continuous monitoring of the dark web to detect if any information from the server has been posted. We can confirm to date, that we have not identified the publication of any such information. We will seek to notify you promptly if our monitoring processes detect this information via a further website posting on the Costa Group website.  We recommend that you take precautionary measures to reduce the risk of your data being used unlawfully. Examples of such measures include:  Notifying your bank about the incident to ensure that extra checks are done by your bank. Notifying your bank/financial institution of any suspect transactions. Notifying your telecom provider to ensure they make you aware of any requests to redirect your phone calls/messages to reduce unauthorised attempts to bypass multi-factor authentication. Obtaining periodic credit checks to monitor for suspicious activity. Further information on credit checks can be obtained at https://www.idcare.org/fact-sheets/credit-reports-australia. Changing your email passwords. Enable Multi Factor Authentication on any sensitive accounts you may have such as banking and financial institutions. Changing any PIN/password for accounts that includes part or all of the data that may have been accessed (eg. Birth date in password, street address in password etc.). Notifying the Australian Federal Police if you suspect you have been subject to identity theft. We understand that this may cause concern and uncertainty, which is why we have a dedicated number for any potentially impacted workers to contact who may have questions or concerns about this incident.  This number is 1300 282 470 and will operate for the next month from the date of this posting.  It is available to contact Monday to Friday, between the hours of 9am to 5pm AEDT.  Please dial the number and select option 1.  You can also email cybersecurity@costagroup.com.au with any queries.  We sincerely apologise and are committed to minimising the impacts of this event and ensuring that similar events do not occur in the future.","(17, 15, 0.9598198813550612, 0.9956792076428731)"
Dialog,11/10/2022,2022,"The Dialog Group (Dialog) today confirmed that the company has experienced a cyber security incident in which an unauthorised third party may have accessed company data, potentially affecting fewer than 20 clients and 1,000 current Dialog employees as well as former employees.  Dialog has notified the relevant authorities and is supporting those who may be impacted to protect against the risk of fraudulent activity.  On Saturday 10 September 2022, Dialog detected unauthorised access on our servers, which were then shut down as a preventative measure. Within two business days, our servers were restored and fully operational.  We contracted a leading cyber security specialist to work with our IT team to undertake a deep forensic investigation and continuous monitoring of the Dark Web. Our ongoing investigations showed no evidence of unauthorised downloading of data.  On Friday 7 October 2022 we became aware that a very small sample of Dialog’s data, including some employee personal information, was published on the Dark Web.  We are doing our utmost to address the situation and, as a precaution, we are actively engaging with potentially impacted stakeholders to share information, support and advice.","(5, 3, 0.9963188529014587, 0.990295390288035)"
Medibank,13/10/2022,2022,"Important information for our customers On 12 October 2022, the Medibank Group detected unusual activity on its network.   In response to this event, we took immediate steps to contain the incident, and engaged specialised cyber security firms.  We confirm we have successfully taken offline the ahm and international student policy systems and its data, and we are in the process of methodically and safely restarting the systems.  The work we have done today continues to show no evidence that customer data has been accessed, however our investigation is ongoing.  We have spoken with the Australian Cyber Security Centre, APRA, Office of the Australian Information Commissioner, Private Health Insurance Ombudsman, the Department of Health and the Department of Home Affairs over the course of the day to ensure that our regulators and other key stakeholders are informed.  What happens next?  We have begun the process of contacting our customers and our focus remains on ensuring the ongoing security of our customers, employees and stakeholders and the continued delivery of Medibank services. Our highest priority remains resolving this matter transparently and as quickly as possible.   ahm and international student customers will still be able to contact our customer teams via phone but at this stage our people won’t be able to access policy information. You can read more about this incident here. We will also be sharing updates on this page as the incident is investigated.  Help on hand Although there is nothing that customers need to do at this time with regard to this incident, you can always talk to a member of our team.  Medibank's health services continue to be available to our customers, including the ability to access health providers.  Medibank customers 13 23 31 Medibank OSHC customers 134 148 ahm customers 1300 573 942","(10, 4, 0.9881689846515656, 0.9889655113220215)"
MyDeal (Woolworths Group),14/10/2022,2022,"14 October 2022 - MyDeal, a Woolworths Group subsidiary, has today identified that a compromised user credential was used to gain unauthorised access to its Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system resulting in the exposure of some customer data.   MyDeal is in the process of contacting the approximately 2.2 million affected customers by email. MyDeal customers who are not contacted by MyDeal have not had their details accessed in the breach. Woolworths Group and MyDeal have also commenced engagement with relevant regulatory authorities and government agencies.  The MyDeal customer data which has been accessed includes customer names, email addresses, phone numbers, delivery addresses, and in some instances, the date of birth of customers (who have previously been required to prove their age when purchasing alcohol). For 1.2 million customers involved in the breach only their email addresses were exposed.    MyDeal does not store payment, drivers licence or passport details and no customer account passwords or payment details have been compromised in this breach. The customer data was accessed within the MyDeal CRM system and the Mydeal.com.au website and app have not been impacted.  Woolworths Group completed the acquisition of approximately 80% of the online marketplace MyDeal.com.au on 23 September 2022. The MyDeal.com.au data network and CRM system is operated on a completely separate platform to Woolworths Group.  There has been no compromise of any other Woolworths Group platforms or the Woolworths Group customer or Everyday Rewards records.   MyDeal CEO, Sean Senvirtne, said: “We apologise for the considerable concern that this will cause our affected customers. We have acted quickly to identify and mitigate unauthorised access and have increased the monitoring of networks. We will continue to work with relevant authorities as we investigate the incident and we will keep our customers fully informed of any further updates impacting them.”  Woolworths Group Chief Security Officer, Pieter van der Merwe, said: “Woolworths Group’s cyber security and privacy teams are fully engaged and working closely with MyDeal to support the response.  MyDeal customers with questions can contact MyDeal directly here or through their Help Centre.","(8, 7, 0.9946499988436699, 0.9947644557271685)"
Vinomofo Australia,17/10/2022,2022,"1.  What has happened?  Recently, Vinomofo experienced a cyber security incident where an unauthorised third party unlawfully accessed our database on a testing platform that is not linked to our live Vinomofo website.  We immediately engaged leading cyber security and forensic specialists (including IDCARE, Australia’s national identity and cyber support service) to investigate the claim and took steps to further secure our IT environment and strengthen our systems.  2.  What information has been accessed?  Vinomofo does not hold identity or financial data such as passports, drivers’ licences or credit cards/bank details.  While the investigation established no passwords, identity documents or financial information were accessed, the database includes other information about customers and members.  The information about you that was contained in the database that may have been accessed, could include name, gender, date of birth, address, email address and phone number.   However, our cyber security and forensic specialists have assessed that the risk to our customers by this information being accessed is low.  3.  Have authorities been notified?  Yes, the matter has been reported to the Australian Cyber Security Centre (ACSC) and the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC). The ACSC has reported the matter to law enforcement bodies.  4.  Who is included in the incident?  In the interests of the privacy of our customers and partners, and to reduce the risk of attempts by scammers to target them, we are not publicly releasing the total number of customers included in the incident.  5.  When will I hear from Vinomofo?  Customers we have identified as being included in the incident will be contacted directly by Vinomofo in writing via email with further information and guidance on the precautionary steps that they can take to protect their information and privacy.  6.  Has my information been published online?  This forms part of our investigation.  We are contacting you know so that you can take precautionary steps to avoid any potential scams.  7.  Why did Vinomofo have my details in the first place?  Vinomofo has records of people who have purchased product through the Vinomofo website. The types of personal information that Vinomofo collects, and how we collect, handle and use that information, is documented within our Privacy Policy.  8.  Can I request that Vinomofo delete my information from its database?  Yes. Our Mofos have always been able to request this. Any customer can request that we delete the personal information we hold about them at any time, and we will take reasonable steps to delete their personal information from our current records. If you would like your information removed, please contact privacy@vinomofo.com.  9.  What should I do to protect myself?  We advise that you remain alert to any increased scam activity – especially email, SMS or telephone phishing scams – with fraudulent communications disguised to look like they come from an organisation you trust.  We recommend that you:  -   Remember that good organisations do not contact you and ask you to “prove” who you are. If someone calls you unexpectedly claiming to be from an organisation, consider hanging up and calling them back on a known and trusted number.  -   Look out for contact from scammers who may have your personal information. This may include suspicious emails, texts, phone calls or messages on social media. Protect yourself from scams. Never click on any links that look suspicious and never provide your passwords, or any personal or financial information. It is good practice to have up-to-date anti-virus software installed on any device you use to access your emails. Scamwatch also provides helpful guidance on how to spot a scam.  -   Consider changing your email account passwords. Make sure you use strong passwords that you do not use for other accounts. Enabling multi-factor authentication is a good idea where possible.  While your Vinomofo account password is still safe to use, it’s a good idea to regularly change your password. You may wish to update your password as a precautionary measure.  You can find further information about online safety, cyber security and helpful tips to protect yourself at the Australian Cyber Security Centre or the ACCC’s Scamwatch website.  10.  Do I need to update my passwords on my Vinomofo account?  While your Vinomofo account password is still safe to use, it’s a good idea to update your password as a precautionary measure.   11.  Do I need to replace my driver licence or passport as a precaution?  No.  12.  Do I have to get a new Medicare card?  No.   13.  I’ve had a scam call/s or unsolicited emails etc, is this linked to the Vinomofo incident?  We are not currently aware of any customers having suffered harm, but we encourage you to have heightened awareness across your accounts.     We advise that you remain alert to any increased scam activity – especially email, SMS or telephone phishing scams – with fraudulent communications disguised to look like they come from an organisation you trust.  14.  What is the relationship between VinoDirect and Vinomofo?  VinoDirect is Vinomofo’s direct-to-consumer service.  15.  Vinomofo is an online company. Is it only Australian customers included in the incident?  Yes. Overseas customers are NOT included in the incident. (Singapore customers and previous New Zealand customers are NOT included in the incident).  16.  Where can I find more information?  If you have any questions, please contact privacy@vinomofo.com.","(37, 38, 0.9849955052942843, 0.9947695041957655)"
Medlab Pathology (Australian Clinical Labs),27/10/2022,2022,"Australian Clinical Labs Limited (ASX: ACL) (ACL or Company) advises that Medlab Pathology, a pathology  business acquired by ACL in December 2021 (Medlab), has experienced a notifiable cyber incident involving  personal information of some of Medlab’s patients and staff.  ACL has conducted a forensic analysis of the affected information and has determined that personal information of  approximately 223,000 individuals has been affected, with information accessed of different levels of concern. This  group of individuals is largely confined to NSW and Queensland.  A summary of the records breached of most concern are:   ~17,539 individual medical and health records associated with a pathology test;   ~28,286 credit card numbers and individuals’ names. Of these records, ~15,724 have expired and ~3,375  have a CVV code; and   ~128,608 Medicare numbers (not copies of cards) and an individual’s name.  The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) has been notified and both the OAIC and the  Australian Cyber Security Centre (ACSC) have been kept abreast of the progress of the forensic investigations into  the incident.  To date, there is no evidence of misuse of any of the information or any demand made of Medlab or ACL.  The compromised Medlab server has been de-commissioned and is no longer in use. ACL’s broader systems and  databases are not affected by the incident.  Medlab became aware of an unauthorised third-party access to its IT system in February 2022. ACL immediately  coordinated a forensic investigation led by independent external cyber experts into the Medlab incident. At the time,  the external forensic specialists did not find any evidence that information had been compromised.  In March, the company was contacted by the ACSC outlining that it had received intelligence that Medlab may have  been the victim of a ransomware incident. The company responded to the request for information and confirmed that  to its knowledge the company did not believe that any data had been compromised.  In June, ACL was again approached by the ACSC, which informed ACL that it believed that Medlab information had  been posted on the dark web. ACL took immediate steps to find and download this highly complex and unstructured  data-set from the dark web and made efforts to permanently remove it.  Following advice from privacy and legal specialists in cyber matters, ACL implemented a program to determine the  nature of the information involved and any individuals that could be at risk of serious harm as a result of the incident.  Given the highly complex and unstructured nature of the data-set being investigated, it has taken the forensic analysts  and experts until now to determine the individuals and the nature of their information involved.  ACL’s view is that, given the nature of its relationship with the affected individuals, the most effective way to minimise  the potential harm to those individuals and the wider body of Medlab’s patients, is to directly contact the individuals  at risk by way of individually tailored notifications as soon as practicable.  Page 2 of 2  Australian Clinical Labs Limited ABN 94 645 711 128  ACL, on behalf of Medlab, will commence the process of directly contacting at risk individuals by email and postal  mail today, to provide them with information about the incident, how it affects them and additional steps that can be  taken to protect their information. Detailed information about the incident has also been made available on Medlab  and ACL websites providing an information source and a proactive way to contact the company for those who are at  all concerned.  ACL has established a dedicated inbound response team to answer questions from notified individuals and provide  them with guidance and remediation advice in relation to the incident. ACL has also established a ‘care team’ for  those whose health information records may have been affected, to minimise distress and provide necessary support.  ACL will be offering free-of-charge credit monitoring and/or ID document replacement to individuals whose affected  information types may put them at risk of credit and/or identity fraud, and is working alongside Federal and State  government authorities in this regard.  ACL Chief Executive Officer Melinda McGrath said: “On behalf of Medlab, we apologise sincerely and deeply regret  that this incident occurred. We recognise the concern and inconvenience this incident may cause those who have  used Medlab’s services and have taken steps to identify individuals affected. We are in the process of providing  tailored notifications to the individuals involved. We want to assure all individuals involved that ACL is committed to  providing every reasonable support to them. We will continue to work with the relevant authorities.”  Further information on the incident is available at https://medlab.com.au/.  For further information regarding this announcement, please contact:  Investors  Eleanor Padman  Company Secretary  Email: investors@clinicallabs.com.au Phone: +61 (0) 422 002 918  Media  Clive Mathieson, Sue Cato  Email: clive@catoandclive.com  cato@catoandclive.com Phone: +61 (0) 411 888 425  +61 (0) 419 282 319 About Australian Clinical Labs  ACL is a leading Australian private provider of pathology services. Our NATA accredited laboratories perform a  diverse range of pathology tests each year for a range of clients including doctors, specialists, patients, hospitals and  corporate clients. ACL is one of the largest private hospital pathology businesses nationally. ACL is focused on its  mission of combining talented people, and medical and scientific leadership, with innovative thinking and  technologies to empower decision making that saves and improves patients’ lives.","(21, 12, 0.985455144019354, 0.9864623894294103)"
SSKB,27/10/2022,2022,"SSKB Cyber Incident Response and Information 27th October 2022  SSKB recently experienced a cyber incident where a third-party gained unauthorised access to SSKB’s I.T. environment, downloaded some information and posted a ransom-demand on the dark-web.  As soon as we became aware of the unauthorised access, we deactivated the systems involved and secured our I.T. environment.  We have engaged leading external cyber-security and forensic I.T. experts to support us in responding to this incident.  We have also contacted the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) and the Australian Cyber Security Centre (ACSC) and will continue to take their advice.  We are working as swiftly as possible to determine what, if any, personal or sensitive information may be contained in the dataset that was downloaded. Should we identify this is the case, we will work to meet our obligations and notify any individuals at risk as soon as we can.  In the interim, should any SSKB clients have questions in relation to this incident, they can contact SSKB via cyberresponse@sskb.com.au and we will respond as soon as possible.  We greatly appreciate the patience and support of our valued clients and partners as we work to resolve this matter as swiftly as possible.  Daniel Herbert  CEO, SSKB","(8, 4, 0.9903405755758286, 0.962844118475914)"
Harcourts,03/11/2022,2022,"Published on: 3 Nov, 2022  Harcourts Cyber Incident - November 2022 Real Estate company Harcourts today confirms that its Melbourne City franchisee has been the victim of a cyber-incident.  On October 24 the franchisee became aware that its rental property database had been accessed by an unknown third party without authorisation.  Each Harcourts office operates as an independent franchise with its own separate operating and IT systems.  The rental property database holds personal information relating to landlords, tenants and trades and was used by the franchisee’s service provider, Stafflink, to provide it with administrative support.  In this particular instance the rental property database was used by a representative of Stafflink and accessed by an unknown third party. We understand the unauthorised access occurred because the representative of Stafflink was using their own device for work purposes rather than a company-issued (and more secure) device.     A comprehensive external investigation led by cyber security experts is underway but it is not yet concluded.    Commenting, Harcourts Australia CEO, Adrian Knowles, said:  “We understand people will be deeply concerned and upset about this data breach.  I would like to offer our sincere apologies to everyone who has been inconvenienced as a result.    “Dealing with this incident is our top priority. We are working together with the franchisee to ensure that all impacted individuals are advised of the incident.  In addition, we are in the process of establishing complimentary credit monitoring and access to the IDCARE support service for impacted individuals.  “We have acted decisively to implement a comprehensive external investigation as well as a review of our systems and processes firm wide.  We have also notified the Privacy Commissioner of this breach.  “This investigation is still underway and if our understanding of the impacts changes in any way we will make this clear,” he said.  If you believe you may be effected by a data breach and have questions, please fill in the form below.  For media enquiries, please visit our media enquiries page here  Frequently Asked Questions Q:  What happened? A:   On October 24 we became aware that the rental property database used by our Melbourne City franchisee had been accessed by an unknown third party without authorisation.  The database was used by the franchisee’s service provider Stafflink to provide them with administrative support and in this particular instance was accessed by a representative of Stafflink and accessed by an unknown third party.   Q:  What are we doing about this? A:   An external investigation into the unauthorised access is underway.  In addition, the franchisee has written to those clients of the Melbourne City business to let them know their personal information may have been compromised.   The franchisee has also notified the Privacy Commissioner of this breach.   Q:  What assistance is being offered to individuals who have been impacted? A:   We have written again to impacted individuals to offer further assistance, including a credit monitoring service and access to a cyber support service, IDCARE.  Equifax Credit Monitoring Equifax is Australia's largest credit bureau and offers credit and identity monitoring services designed to help safeguard against fraud and loss in the event of a data breach.  An Equifax Credit and Identity protection plan allows you to:  Track credit scores over time with monthly credit reports. Receive alerts for certain changes in your credit report. Track selected personal information of yours on the dark web and receive an alert in the event it may be compromised. Up to $15,000 insurance for identify theft. We will cover the costs of the service for 12 months (currently priced at $14.95 per month) on a reimbursement basis. The service can be applied for using the below link: https://www.equifax.com.au/personal/products/credit-identity-protect     IDCARE IDCARE is Australia’s national identity and cyber support service, operating as a not-for-profit and registered charity to provide you with an independent, expert source of assistance to manage any further concerns you have about your data.  IDCARE has specialist Identity & Cyber Security Case Managers who will be available to talk to you about any concerns you have and provide expert advice to address them.  If you would like a confidential discussion with an IDCARE expert the options are as follows:  Call IDCARE on 1300 432 273 or Engage an IDCARE Case Manager via IDCARE’s Get Help Web Form at https://www.idcare.org/contact/get-help-now Alternatively, you may visit IDCARE’s Learning Centre for further information and resources on protecting personal information (www.idcare.org).   Credit Savvy App As an alternative to the Equifax service above, the Credit Savvy app is a free app that provides a similar service.  It gives you free access to your credit score as well as comprehensive credit report information and free monthly score updates to help you monitor your credit reputation over time. The app includes the ability to set up alerts whenever there are changes to your credit file, to help you guard against identity theft and fraud.   Q:  Has this impacted the entire Harcourts network? A:   The investigation thus far has concluded that only one franchisee has been impacted.  It is important to note that all franchisees operate independently and use their own systems to run their operations.  Q:  What sort of personal information of clients and landlords of the Melbourne City franchise has been impacted? A:   For tenants: full legal name, email address, address, phone number, copy of signature and photo identification supplied to the Melbourne City franchisee. For landlords and trades: full legal name, email address, address, phone number, copy of signature, and bank details.   Q:  What to do if you have received a notice from Harcourts? A:   We have recommended they:  Look out for any suspicious or unexpected activity across their online accounts, including bank accounts. Make sure to report any fraudulent activity immediately to the related provider. Be aware of potential phishing attempts (an attempt by a scammer to trick someone into giving out personal information through an SMS or email) and scams from businesses or institutions requesting, or using, their personal details. Do not share any information or allow remote access to your computer, hang up immediately. Do not open attachments or click links in emails or social media messages unless certain the sender is genuine and they have been verified. If making a payment to a bank account where the account details have been provided by email or other online means, phone the recipient to confirm that the bank details are correct before making the transfer.   Q:  What steps can I take to protect myself from Scams A:   Criminals use numerous methods to scam their victims. This could be via email, text message, phone call or even post. It is important to remain vigilant with your online security. Some very simple measures to protect you and your family would include using reputable password manager (such as LastPass, DashLane or 1Password) to help secure all online accounts with randomly generated, unique, complex passwords for each account. This should be complemented with multi-factor authentication (MFA) across all platforms and systems that support it.  You can learn more about passwords managers and MFA by visiting the Australian Cyber Security Centre (ACSC) - https://www.cyber.gov.au/acsc/view-all-content/publications/quick-wins-your-password-manager   Please be extra vigilant and verify any communications you receive to ensure they are legitimate. For further resources please visit - https://www.cyber.gov.au/acsc/individuals-and-families   Reporting a Scam If you are a victim of a scam please report it to the ACSC here - https://www.cyber.gov.au/acsc/report   Identity Theft If you have been a victim of identity theft, you may be eligible for a Commonwealth Victim’s Certificate. Please visit Australian Home Affairs website for more guidance - https://www.homeaffairs.gov.au/about-us/our-portfolios/criminal-justice/cybercrime-identity-security/identity-protection-recovery ","(33, 25, 0.9901167352994283, 0.9946498155593873)"
BWX (Flora & Fauna),04/11/2022,2022,"ASX Announcement 4 November 2022 BWX LIMITED – FLORA & FAUNA DATA BREACH NOTIFICATION  Melbourne, Australia– BWX Limited (ASX:BWX or “the Group”) advises that The Good Collective Pty Ltd trading as Flora & Fauna (Flora & Fauna), has identified that a malicious code unlawfully inserted into the Flora & Fauna website may have resulted in customer credit card numbers and expiry  dates  being transmitted  to  an  unauthorised  third-party.  Flora  &  Fauna,  part  of  the  BWX  Digital Segment, operates the Flora & Fauna digital e-commerce platform.  Approximately 2,500 customers who transacted on the Flora & Fauna website between 13 August 2022  and  29  September  2022  are today being notified of the possibility that the malicious code discovered on the Flora & Fauna website may have resulted in their credit card number and expiry date being transmitted to an unauthorised third party when the customer entered those details on the payment gateway for the site during this period. This same notification also informs customers what  steps  to  take  to  protect  their  credit  card details.  The  Office  of  the  Australian  Information  Commissioner has also been notified in accordance with Australian privacy laws.  No  other  personal  information,  such  as  customer  names,  CVV  codes,  passwords  or  other information entered at checkout have been accessed by the third-party. BWX has also confirmed that the malicious code was limited to the Flora & Fauna website and has not affected any other part of its business. BWX does not anticipate a material impact on its business due to this incident.  BWX CEO Rory Gration, said “We apologise to our Flora & Fauna customers who will experience considerable  concern  due  to  this  cyber incident.   We  take  the  privacy  and  security  of  customer  data very seriously and we want to assure our customers that we acted promptly to identify, isolateand remove the malicious code on the Flora & Fauna website, as well as taking additional steps to upgrade security on the Flora & Fauna website.   We have notified potentially affected customers of the breach, explained steps they can take to limit risk to their information and will ensure affected customers are provided with appropriate information and support.”   -ENDS-   Authorised for release by the Board Directors of BWX Limited Contacts: Domestique Consulting Minou de Ruiter: +61 432 124 003  Jon Snowball: +61 477 946 068 investorrelations@bwxltd.com  About BWX BWX’s  purpose  is  creating  Natural  beauty  and  wellness  for  the  world  as  a  vertically  integrated  developer, manufacturer, distributor, and marketer of branded products in the Natural subcategory of the broader beauty and personal care market. The Group owns, manufactures, and distributes products predominantly under the Sukin, Andalou Naturals, and Mineral Fusion brands. BWX also sells a wide range of wellness products (own-brand, private-label and third-party) across multiple categories via the Flora & Fauna and Nourished Life e-commerce sites. Effective 30 September 2021, BWX acquired a majority stake in Go-To Skincare, an Australian skin care provider selling a range of simple, trusted and effective products for the masstige segment of the broader skin care category.","(8, 6, 0.9968330338597298, 0.9896748661994934)"
Legal Aid ACT,04/11/2022,2022,"On Thursday, 3 November 2022, Legal Aid ACT was subject to a cyber incident.    We took rapid action to protect our systems and have engaged a specialist cyber security firm to investigate this incident.  At this stage we cannot confirm if any client information has been impacted.  Some of our systems and services may be affected during this investigation as we make every effort to safeguard client information.  If the investigation reveals that client information has been accessed, a Legal Aid ACT staff member will contact those clients directly.  Looking after our clients and their sensitive data is our highest priority and we acknowledge that this incident will cause some regrettable concerns and disruptions for our clients.  Our immediate concern is for our clients, staff and those parties linked by litigation to our services.  Legal Aid ACT is committed to transparency about what we know, and how that could impact our customers, our people, and the broader community.  If you are concerned about your immediate safety call Police on 000, or if you would like a safety plan developed around this incident call Domestic Violence Crisis Service on 02 6280 0900.  We will update our website regularly with the steps we are taking to resolve this incident and will share the investigation results when they are available.","(7, 3, 0.994087679045541, 0.9956725438435873)"
PNORS Technology Group,06/11/2022,2022,"PNORS Technology Group, along with internal and external security experts, are continuing to investigate a cyber attack, which occurred overnight on 3 November, impacting our Datatime and Netway businesses.  Following the cyber attack, we immediately activated an incident response which included notifying impacted clients and engaging external cyber security experts to assist in dealing with the issue. We notified and are continuing to work with the relevant state and federal authorities, including the Australian Cyber Security Centre, Federal Police, the Victorian and Federal Government’s cyber experts.  The impacted PNORS Technology Group businesses deal with document and data capture, digital conversion and managed IT support for a number of external clients, including government departments.  In the early hours of Saturday morning, the criminals behind the cyber attack released to the company, in a private communication, a sample of what is believed to be stolen data.  We followed strict privacy protocols and notified the Office of Australian Information Commissioner to disclose the data breach.  The extent of the data breach is still being investigated and we are working closely with all authorities to assess how many of our clients have been impacted and the nature of the data that has been stolen.  Advice from our independent security experts have confirmed nothing has been released in the public domain at this point in time.  When we were informed about the cyber attack we immediately shut down and isolated all our internal systems and took further measures to secure our network and data, along with pausing all data processing.  We will be monitoring this ongoing incident 24/7 and will continue to provide updates as more information comes to hand.    For more information contact:  Simon Pristel 0412 393 433 simon@headlinepr.com.au  OR  Lisa Gilbert 0412 822 673 lisa@headlinepr.com.au","(7, 4, 0.9877699613571167, 0.9936305582523346)"
The Smith Family,22/11/2022,2022,"We recently experienced a cyber incident and here are more details about it.  The incident involved a Smith Family team member’s email account being temporarily accessed by an unauthorised third party. They were seeking to steal The Smith Family’s funds.  Upon discovery of this incident, we promptly acted and the attempts were unsuccessful.  Following this, we immediately took steps to secure our systems. We then commenced an investigation of the incident and engaged specialist cyber security experts to understand what happened. We have also taken steps to further strengthen our systems.  From our investigation, we identified that during the attempt to steal our funds, personal information about some individuals may have been accessed. The personal information of supporters that might have been accessed includes a mixture of:  names; address (if provided to The Smith Family); phone number (if provided to The Smith Family); email address (if provided to The Smith Family); and donation amount. And in some cases:  first 4 and last 4 digits of the credit or debit card used to donate; and, information about whether a donation payment was processed successfully or declined We can confirm for those with potential credit or debit card details accessed, no middle digits, expiry date or CVV numbers were accessed as The Smith Family does not store that information in its systems.  The data accessed in itself cannot be used to make fraudulent purchases.  Our investigation also identified some other information which may have been accessed but does not require formal notification.  The Smith Family also does not request, collect or hold personal identity documents such as passports or drivers’ licences of our supporters, as these are not required to process their generous donations.  While there is no current evidence of misuse of any individual’s personal information, we are informing individuals about the incident and providing simple steps to protect their information and avoid any potential scams.  We are also contacting individuals whose personal information was not accessed and are not directly affected by this incident as we want to communicate transparently to our supporters.  We are committed to protecting the personal information of all our supporters and we apologise for any inconvenience or stress that notification of this incident may have caused.  We thank our supporters for their understanding and ongoing support enabling us to continue providing Smith Family programs to young Australians in need.  How to Access Further Support  We are taking this matter very seriously and we understand you may want to know more. Supporters seeking more information about this incident and how they may have been affected, can send an email to support@thesmithfamily.com.au. Students or families who have questions can contact 1800 280 233.  We understand that for some of you this may cause stress or uncertainty. We have asked IDCARE, Australia’s national identity and cyber support community service, to extend their specialist Case Management services to our supporters, at no cost. IDCARE Case Managers can work with you to explore any concerns you have about your personal information exposure. IDCARE Case Managers are available Monday to Friday from 9am to 6pm (AEDT) and a preferred time can be booked online via their Individual Get Help Form at IDCARE.org or by calling 1800 595 160. Please note that because of current volumes the preferred method of engaging IDCARE is via their online booking form. Please use the referral code TSF22 when booking a time to ensure your matter is prioritised.  The Smith Family is committed to protecting your privacy and the personal information we hold. If you have a query about how we manage your personal information, please see further information on our Privacy Policy webpage at www.thesmithfamily.com.au/privacy.  Further Questions  How did The Smith Family become aware of the incident? We became aware of the incident following the attempts to steal The Smith Family funds.  Has the access been stopped? Yes. We immediately we took steps to secure our systems upon discovery of the attempts to steal The Smith Family funds.  How did the third party access the email account? How the unauthorised third party was able to compromise the email account is yet to be confirmed conclusively by our investigation.  Has personal data been published externally? There is no current evidence of misuse of any individual’s personal information, including publishing of the data externally.  How do you know my personal information hasn't been misused? There is no current evidence of misuse of any individual’s personal information. The data accessed in itself cannot be used to make fraudulent purchases.  The Smith Family can confirm no middle digits, expiry date or CVV numbers were accessed as The Smith Family does not store that information in its systems.  The Smith Family also does not request, collect or hold personal identity documents such as passports or drivers’ licences of our supporters, as these are not required to process their generous donations.  Can team members, students, families, and supporters still access regular services and communication channels? Yes. The Smith Family continues to operate as normal. If students or families have questions, they can contact us on 1800 280 233.  Is this incident related to data breaches being reported by media (e.g., Optus, Medibank)? No. It is not related.  The Smith Family said partial credit/debit card details have been accessed – should I cancel my credit/debit card? Please consult with IDCARE. We confirm no middle digits, expiry date or CVV numbers were accessed as The Smith Family does not store that information in our systems. The data accessed in itself cannot be used to make fraudulent purchases.  IDCARE Case Managers are available Monday to Friday from 9am to 6pm (AEDT) and a preferred time can be booked online via their Individual Get Help Form at IDCARE.org or by calling 1800 595 160. Please note that because of current volumes the preferred method of engaging IDCARE is via their online booking form. Please use the referral code TSF22 when booking a time to ensure your matter is prioritised.  Why did The Smith Family have my personal information? We handle your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988. For more information about how we manage your personal information, you can view our privacy policy on our Privacy Policy webpage at thesmithfamily.com.au/privacy.  We retain supporters’ contact information, to keep you informed and up to date on initiatives that may interest you and the outcomes of our programs, including, in the case of Learning for Life sponsors, on the progress of your student through their education.  The Smith Family also does not request, collect or hold personal identity documents such as passports or drivers’ licences of our supporters, as these are not required to process their generous donations.  What do I need to do now? No passwords, identity documents, full credit card details or financial information were accessed, and there is no current evidence of misuse of any individual’s personal information.  However, we are informing those individuals whose data may have been accessed about the incident and providing simple steps to protect their information and avoid any potential scams:  We recommend that individuals remain alert to any suspicious email, SMS or telephone communications that are disguised to look like they come from someone you know or trust. Verify communications by confirming the identity of the sender. This includes checking email names and domains [by hovering your mouse over the sender email address]. Do not open links that look suspicious. If you are unsure about a link sent to you by a company, you should go to the company’s website and look for the product or service that was offered. Be alert to phishing scams. This could include scams that target you through post or email. Phishing scams are attempts by scammers to trick people into providing their personal information, passwords, credit card numbers and/or sensitive personal information. The Smith Family will never ask you for your passwords or other sensitive information. Consider changing your email account passwords. Make sure you use strong passwords that you do not use for other accounts. Enabling multi-factor authentication is a good idea where possible. You can find further information about online safety, cyber security and helpful tips to protect yourself and your family at cyber.gov.au.  Can I still make donations to The Smith Family? Yes. The data accessed in itself cannot be used to make fraudulent purchases. Supporters can still make donations and/or continue their sponsorship of their sponsored child/children.  Have authorities been notified? Yes. The Australian Cyber Security Centre (ACSC) and Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) have been notified.  How do I know that this is the end of the matter as far as I am concerned? From our investigation, we identified that during the attempt to steal our funds, the personal information that may have been accessed includes the personal information of supporters and donors. The data that was accessed in itself cannot be misused to make fraudulent purchases.  In terms of future issues, there is no current evidence of misuse of any individual’s personal information, but we are communicating with all those whose data may have been accessed to providing simple steps to protect their information and avoid any potential scams.  If any evidence of any misuse of the data is identified or further issues arise, we will immediately take action and communicate to our stakeholders.  ","(55, 33, 0.9902997786348516, 0.9874710223891519)"
Xavier College,23/11/2022,2022,"Xavier College cyber incident  In May last year, Xavier College became aware that a single employee’s email account had been subject to unauthorised access by an unknown third party. The impacted account belongs to one of our administrative team members and contained information collected in the course of their employment with the College.  In response to the incident, Xavier College undertook the following steps:  engaged leading cyber security advisors to conduct an in-depth forensic investigation to confirm exactly what happened; took steps to ensure that the incident was contained; conducted a review of the email account to identify any at-risk individuals; and implemented ongoing training for staff and students around cyber vigilance and general online safety. Our initial review of the affected email account identified at-risk personal information relating to 45 individuals. The 45 affected individuals were directly notified of the incident in July 2022. Xavier College also notified the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner and Australian Cyber Security Centre of the incident.  Subsequently, at the end of October 2022, Xavier College became aware of a threat to disclose contents from the email account on the internet. In response, Xavier College took immediate steps to reassess the data and consider whether any further individuals required notification. This analysis was completed in November 2022, and additional individuals were directly notified of the incident shortly after.  We have identified that there are individuals we were unable to contact directly, either due to invalid contact details or the absence of contact details. For this reason, we are posting this update to our website for any individuals that may be concerned that their information was involved but who we were unable to contact.  We confirm that the types of personal information impacted as a result of the incident include a combination of:  contact information; financial details; identity information; Tax File Number, Medicare and Centrelink information; health information; and other information including correspondence relating to admissions, scholarships, bursaries and parenting arrangements. At the date of this update, no data disclosure event has occurred. Xavier College has implemented dark web and media monitoring in order to alert us in circumstances where data is disclosed online. If we identify that data has been published, we attempt to have the data removed as quickly as possible.  We confirm that student academic records are stored on a separate system and that this information is not involved in the incident.  Xavier College takes the protection of data relating to staff, students and benefactors very seriously. We sincerely apologise that this has happened, and we are committed to keeping you updated as our assessment progresses. We are committed to supporting to individuals who may be affected by this incident.  If you have any concerns about the incident, there are steps that you can take to protect yourself and your information, including:  remain alert for any phishing scams that may come to you by phone, post or email; ensure you verify any communications you receive to ensure they are legitimate; be careful when opening or responding to texts or emails from unknown or suspicious sources and confirm their legitimacy; and monitor your credit card and bank statements for any suspicious transactions and contact your financial institution if you have any concerns. If at any point you have concerns about identity theft (not just in relation to this incident), you can apply for an annual free credit report via Equifax, Illion or Experian.  If you have not received a notification but think you may have been impacted by the incident, or if you have any questions about this statement, please contact cyber@xavier.vic.edu.au.","(9, 13, 0.9780634906556871, 0.9945968848008376)"
Telstra,09/12/2022,2022,"We’re in the process of communicating to some unlisted customers whose details were incorrectly made available via Directory Assistance or the White Pages. We wanted to explain what has happened and what we’re doing to resolve it. What’s happened and why As part of our regulatory obligations Telstra is responsible for providing Directory Assistance services and the White Pages.  We recently discovered an error which resulted in some customers’ names, numbers and addresses being listed when they should not have been. This was a result of a misalignment of databases – no cyber activity was involved.  What we’ve done and what we’re doing As soon as we became aware, we started work to remove the identified impacted customers from the Directory Assistance service and the online version of the White Pages.  We’re in the process of contacting every affected customer to let them know, and to offer free support through IDCARE.  We are conducting an internal investigation to better understand how it happened and to protect against it happening again.  We’re sorry for breaching your trust Protecting our customers’ privacy is absolutely paramount, and for the customers impacted we understand this is an unacceptable breach of your trust.  We’re sorry it occurred, and we know we have let you down.  Our customer service has come a long way in recent years, including in truth-telling about our mistakes – it is part of what drives us to make change. We acknowledge that we still get it wrong too often and we simply must do better.  By Michael Ackland Chief Financial Officer and Group Executive, Strategy & Finance - Telstra  As Chief Financial Officer and Strategy & Finance Group Executive, Michael Ackland guides the company’s financial performance and reporting, leads the development of and progress against its corporate strategy, and oversees its risk and internal audit capabilities, with the aim of delivering shareholder value over the long term. Previously, Michael was Telstra’s Group Executive, Consumer & Small Business, which saw him lead the team responsible for creating and delivering the best experiences possible for consumers and small business customers, through radically simplifying Telstra’s products and services. Prior to this, Michael was Telstra’s Executive, Sales and Service, where he led Telstra’s Consumer & Small Business sales and service channels, including Global Contact Centres (GCC), Telstra Country Wide (TCW) and Telstra Digital. He joined Telstra in 2016 as Executive Director of Telstra Country Wide, and was responsible for over 350 retail stores and over 16,000 partners nationally. Michael joined Telstra from GE, where he held the role of CEO GE Healthcare, Australia and New Zealand. At GE, Michael held various executive leadership roles across GE’s Australia and New Zealand business, including financial services, corporate and healthcare divisions. Prior to GE, Michael was Principal at the Boston Consulting Group, where he worked for eight years. Michael holds a Bachelor of Commerce and a Bachelor of Chemical Engineering from the University of Melbourne.","(12, 8, 0.9810952444871267, 0.9359089955687523)"
TPG Telecom,14/12/2022,2022,"On 13 December 2022, TPG Telecom’s external cyber security advisers, Mandiant, advised that they found evidence of unauthorised access to a Hosted Exchange service which hosts email accounts for up to 15,000 iiNet and Westnet business customers. Based on the preliminary analysis undertaken to date it appears the primary aim of the threat actor was to search for customers’ cryptocurrency and financial information. We apologise unreservedly to the affected iiNet and Westnet Hosted Exchange business customers. We continue to investigate the incident and any potential impact on customers and are advising customers to take necessary precautions. This incident does not affect any home or personal iiNet or Westnet products, such as broadband or mobile. As part of Mandiant’s ongoing engagement to assist with cyber protection they conducted a forensic historical review and discovered the unauthorised access to the Hosted Exchange service. We have implemented measures to stop the unauthorised access, further security measures have been put in place, and we are in the process of contacting all affected customers on the Hosted Exchange service. We have notified the relevant government authorities. The matter remains under investigation and we will be communicating with directly affected customers as more information becomes available. Authorised for lodgement with ASX by the TPG Telecom Board. ENDS Investor contact: Bruce Song, bruce.song@tpgtelecom.com.au, 0426 386 006 Media contact: James Rickards, james.rickards@tpgtelecom.com.au, 0419 731 371","(7, 4, 0.9903367161750793, 0.9949693083763123)"
Queensland University of Technology,23/12/2022,2022,"QUT has experienced a cybersecurity incident today which purports to be a Royal ransomware attack. Information updated: Friday 23 December, 10.34am (AEST)  As a precaution, QUT IT systems have been taken offline while investigations are completed. At this stage, our assessment is that no student or staff data has been compromised.  Staff and students have been notified. Students wanting to accept their QTAC offer are being contacted to let them know systems are down. They will be advised when the systems are back online.  Technical staff are currently investigating and QUT has notified the relevant agencies of the situation.","(3, 4, 0.9885062972704569, 0.9785625636577606)"
Fire Rescue Victoria,06/01/2023,2023,"Fire Rescue Victoria eligible data breach notification: 6 January 2023. Information for individuals impacted.  This notice sets out important information about a cyber-attack on Fire Rescue Victoria's IT environment.  Read this notice if you:  are a current or former employee, individual contractor or secondee of Fire Rescue Victoria (FRV) or the former Metropolitan Fire and Emergency Services Board (MFB); or have ever applied for a job with the FRV or MFB (excluding firefighter recruit applicants). On 6 January 2023, we notified the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner that we have reasonable grounds to believe that we have suffered an eligible data breach as a result of the recent cyber-attack. You can read part one of our statement via this link.  We are also liaising with the Office of the Victorian Information Commissioner about the cause and impact of this attack, as well as other State and Federal government bodies (including the Australian Cyber Security Centre).  In accordance with the requirements under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), this notice provides you with:  (1) A description of the eligible data breach (see What happened?).  (2) A summary of the kinds of personal information that may be involved (see What personal information may be involved?).  (3) The steps we recommend that you take if you are impacted by the attack (see What steps can you take?).  We are deeply sorry that this attack has occurred. We are committed to protecting your privacy and helping you to protect your identity in the aftermath of this attack. We will provide regular updates as more information becomes available. Please continue to check this page for the latest information or email frvassist@frv.vic.gov.au if you have any questions.  If you are a current FRV employee or individual contractor, you may have received previous correspondence from us regarding this attack. This notice provides important updates and should be read carefully.  WHAT HAPPENED?  We were made aware of a cyber-attack on our internal IT environment on 15 December 2022. The incident affected a number of our internal servers (including our email system). We are working closely with cyber security experts and our partners in the State and Federal Governments, including the Australian Cyber Security Centre, to investigate and respond to this attack.  While we continue to experience a widespread IT outage as a result of the attack, community safety has not been compromised and we continue to dispatch crews and appliances through mobile phones, pagers and radio.  Our investigations about the cause and impact of this attack are ongoing. However, we have reasonable grounds to believe that personal information may have been accessed or stolen.  Although we do not have evidence that personal information has been accessed or stolen from our systems, given the nature of the cyber-attack, we have reasonable grounds to believe that personal information of current and former employees, individual contractors and secondees of FRV and the former Metropolitan Fire and Emergency Services Board (as well as job applicants and other individuals) may have been accessed or stolen by a malicious third party.  WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE INVOLVED?  It is a complex task to identify what information is involved in this attack.  While this analysis progresses, we are assuming that information that may have been accessed or stolen by a malicious third party includes personal information about:  current and former employees of FRV and the former Metropolitan Fire and Emergency Services Board (MFB), individual contractors and secondees from other organisations to FRV and the former MFB (FRV Staff); and job applicants for FRV roles or former MFB roles (excluding firefighter recruit applicants). Based on our investigations to date, we have reasonable grounds to believe that the following personal information may have been accessed or stolen:  A. Personal Information about current and former FRV Staff  Full Name Address (current and previous) Email address (current and previous) Phone number (current and previous) Date of birth Health information Sensitive information, to the extent any such information has been sent or received via our email system (for example, , information about sexual orientation, race, disability, religion, qualifications, employment history, criminal history, political or religious views) Bank account details (BSB, account name and number) (excluding secondees from other organisations and labour hire employees) Superannuation details (excluding secondees from other organisations and labour hire employees) Government issued identity information, to the extent any such information has been sent or received via our email system, such as: Driver's licence details Passport details Tax File numbers Birth, death and marriage certificates B. Personal Information about job applicants  Full Name Address (current and previous) Email address (current and previous) Phone number (current and previous) Date of birth Sensitive information, to the extent any such information has been sent or received via our email system (for example, information about sexual orientation, race, disability, religion, qualifications, employment history, criminal history) Government issued identity information, to the extent any such information has been sent or received via our email system, such as: Driver's licence details Passport details Tax File numbers As our email system has been affected by this attack, information that may have been accessed or stolen may also include personal information about other individuals (to the extent any such information has been sent or received by FRV Staff via our email system).  WHAT STEPS CAN YOU TAKE?  As there is a risk that personal information may have been accessed or stolen by a malicious third party, we strongly urge all current and former FRV Staff and job applicants to remain vigilant and take steps to protect their identity and credit profile.  Take additional cyber precautions  We recommend that all current and former FRV Staff and job applicants remain careful and vigilant with all online communications and transactions, and take the following steps:  Make sure you validate any communications you receive, to ensure they are legitimate Be very careful when opening or responding to texts from unknown numbers and emails from unknown senders Change account passwords (and replace with a strong password or passphrase – see latest Microsoft password advice) and enable multifactor authentication for banking and any other accounts where it is available If you have reused your FRV password on personal accounts, you should go through these accounts and change the passwords Do not click links in emails from unknown senders and check with known senders, before clicking links Do not provide personal or credential information to people who contact you – legitimate organisations should not contact you and ask for this Do not give remote access to your computer or mobile device Learn to recognise scams and always be alert to phishing attempts (watch this video from the Australian Cyber Security Centre to learn how phishing scams work). Additional steps to protect your identity  We have activated specialist monitoring services for all current and former FRV Staff and job applicants to use.  If any current or former FRV Staff or job applicants are concerned about the potential misuse of their personal information, the individual can access free support from IDCARE, Australia’s national identity and cybersecurity community support service. Each impacted individual can engage an IDCARE Case Manager via IDCARE’s Get Help Web Form at www.idcare.org/contact/get-help using the referral code FRV22.  We also urge all current and former FRV Staff and job applicants to follow specific identity protection advice:  Monitor all your devices and accounts for unusual activity. Go to scamwatch.gov.au for more information. Report unusual activity to Report Cyber at cyber.gov.au and IDCARE (1800 595 160, 8am-5pm Monday to Friday, excluding public holidays) Monitor your bank accounts for any unusual or unauthorised activity and contact your financial institution immediately if you have any concerns. Ensure you have multifactor authentication in place, if available. If you suspect fraud, you can request a ban on your credit report which ‘freezes’ access to your credit file (see guidance from IDCARE) If you are the target or victim of a scam or believe your accounts have been compromised, lodge an online report via the Australian Cyber Security Centre (ACSC) If you think someone has stolen your identity, contact IDCARE on 1800 595 160 (8am-5pm Monday to Friday, excluding public holidays). They have published several factsheets with advice specific to recent high profile Australian cyber breaches. Additional steps to protect your credit profile  We have also partnered with Equifax, a leading provider of credit and identity monitoring services, to provide Equifax Protect to current and former FRV Staff and job applicants. Equifax Protect is a credit monitoring and identity protection service that helps reduce the risk of identity theft or financial loss.  All current and former FRV Staff and job applicants are eligible for a 12-month Equifax Protect subscription, which includes:  monitoring of your personal information on the internet alerts for changes on your credit reporting monthly credit reports and score tracking. To activate Equifax Protect, each individual must follow the Equifax Protect registration instructions. The individual will need to firstly request a personalised code. This is explained in the instructions.  Additional support available to current FRV employees, retirees and families  Additional support is also available to current FRV employees, FRV retirees (including MFB retirees) and their families via our Employee Assistance Program (EAP).  EAP provides access to external psychologists, social workers and counsellors. Should current FRV employees, retirees or their families require EAP support to help them manage their wellbeing during this time, we encourage them to reach out to our Health and Wellbeing services. These services can be accessed by calling 1800 161 415.  Additional steps  As our email system has been affected by this attack, we strongly urge FRV Staff to contact us at frvassist@frv.vic.gov.au for further advice and assistance if they have any concern about the personal information of other individuals (for example, family members of FRV Staff) that may have been sent or received using our email system.","(32, 21, 0.9938305336982012, 0.9751291445323399)"
Mount Lilydale Mercy College,29/01/2023,2023,"Media Statement: Data Breach The following comments can be attributed to Philip Morison, Principal, Mount Lilydale Mercy College The protection of data and personal information is of paramount importance to us at Mount Lilydale Mercy College and, on behalf of the College, I wholeheartedly apologise that this has happened. I want to reassure our College and the wider community that we are committed to a bestpractice approach in dealing with this kind of incident. Since becoming aware of the suspected data breach on 11 January 2023, we have engaged specialist cyber incident response experts, including cybersecurity analysts and forensic IT investigators, to guide our actions without delay. This has ensured we have taken all initial necessary steps as quickly as possible, aligned to cybercrime incidents such as these. We are confident our IT environment has now been safeguarded and the perpetrators locked out. Our cyber consultants, together with members of our College Leadership team, have been working together to learn how the breach occurred, ascertain precisely who is impacted, and specifically what information in relation to each person, has been accessed. Unfortunately, it was recently confirmed that the credit card information, but importantly excluding CCV numbers, of around 400 parents appears to have been illegally accessed. Those impacted individuals have already been notified in order for them take personal mitigative action with their financial institutions, such as cancelling cards. While I am told that even the most secure IT environments can potentially be hacked by something as innocent as one person clicking on a link in a phishing email, we will take learnings from the ongoing investigation and if there are ways to tighten our cyber security practices, we won’t hesitate to make changes. I emphasise that our investigations are ongoing and under the guidance of our cyber incident response experts, we will continue to work closely with the authorities - we have commenced the process of reporting the incident to all affected individuals and institutions including the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner, Australian Cyber Security Centre, the Australian Federal Police and the Australian Taxation Office. We are taking all measures and precautions possible to mitigate any potential risks to individuals as a result of this breach. Again, we unreservedly apologise and are committed to keeping our College community informed and supported as investigations continue. Philip Morison Principal ","(10, 3, 0.9959009885787964, 0.9941695928573608)"
My Rewards International,23/02/2023,2023,"My Rewards International Ltd (ASX: MRI, ""My Rewards"", the ""Company"") confirms that it previously provided services to The Good Guys, in relation to an apparent data breach involving data from 2021.  Upon preliminary investigation, the Company believes that there was unauthorised access gained to the Company's systems in August 2021 which lead to loss of data. As a result, the Company believes that personally identifiable information of some individuals is available in the public domain, which includes their name, address, email address and phone number.  There is no current breach.  The Company's technology platforms are regularly penetration tested by independent certified cyber security companies as well as by our clients. All My Rewards data is stored in Australia.  THe Company will continue to work with regulatory authorities and keep the market informed of any further findings.   This announcement was authorised for release by the Chairman.  Enquiries:  David Vinson Chairman shareholders@myrewards.com.au  Tim Allerton Media Relations City PR tallerton@citypublicrelations.com.au  +61 412 715 707  About My Rewards International Limited (ASX:MRI)  MyReward is a fast-growing global provider of customised subscription-based marketplaces for corporates and consumers. My Rewards' core solutions include Loyalty tech, Rewards and Customer Experience. Since its incorporation in 2000, My Rewards has steadily grown to connect over 5.8 million members with more than 4,500 global, national and local suppliers. My Rewards provides more than 120 corporates with Employee Engagement and Customer Loyalty Programs to help them retain, engage, and attract employees or customers. My Rewards' clients include some of the biggest household brands in retail, financial services, and telecommunications, including Telstra, Ramsay Health, MLC and AIG. ","(10, 3, 0.9950819551944733, 0.8331858317057291)"
iph,16/03/2023,2023,"16 March 2023 IPH Limited (IPH) advises that on 13 March 2023 the company detected unauthorised access to a portion of its IT environment.  As soon as this incident was detected IPH commenced working to secure its IT environment and is working with leading external cyber security and forensic IT advisors to respond and conduct a forensic investigation. We are advised that this investigation may take some time to complete.  We have also notified the Australian Cyber Security Centre (ACSC) of the incident.  Based on preliminary analysis, it appears the incident is primarily limited to the document management systems (DMS) of the IPH head office and two IPH member firms in Australia, Spruson & Ferguson (Australia) and Griffith Hack, and the practice management systems (PMS) of these two member firms. The information contained in the DMSs includes documents relating to the administration of these entities and, in the case of the two IPH member firms, client documents and correspondence. The PMSs contain IP case management information (such as filing timelines) relating to the practice of the two IPH member firms.  The investigation underway is focussed on determining whether the information stored in these systems has been accessed by the unauthorised third-party.  We have enacted our business continuity plan (BCP) and, while the functionality of some systems has been affected, we have transitioned to alternative processes which are working adequately to enable the relevant firms to continue to conduct operations, albeit with some disruption.  We apologise to our clients and the community for any concern that this incident may cause.  We will continue to keep our clients, shareholders and key stakeholders updated as we respond to this event and our investigation continues and further facts are established.","(7, 4, 0.9558294415473938, 0.990596741437912)"
Latitude,20/03/2023,2023,"20 March 2023 Latitude Financial announced on 16 March 2023 that it had detected unusual activity on its systems which it can now confirm as a sophisticated, well-organised and malicious cyber-attack which remains active.  We recognise the distress to our customers caused by the theft of their personal information and we are committed to transparently updating our customers, partners, employees and the broader community.  Latitude immediately engaged leading external cyber security experts, the Australian Cyber Security Centre, the Australian Federal Police and other relevant Government agencies.  The attack on Latitude is now the subject of an investigation by the Australian Federal Police.  Our people are working around the clock to contain the attackers. We have taken the prudent action of isolating some of our technology platforms which means that we are currently not onboarding new customers.  Because the attack remains active, we have taken our platforms offline and are unable to service our customers and merchant partners. We cannot restore this capability immediately, however we are working to do so gradually over the coming days and ask our customers for their continued patience. Our restoration of these services is aligned to our forensic review.  In conjunction with our cyber-security experts, we are continuing our forensic review of our IT platforms to identify the full extent of the theft of customer information as a result of the attack on Latitude.  So far, Latitude can confirm that:  As previously disclosed, approximately 330,000 customers and applicants have had their personal information stolen Approximately 96% of the personal information stolen was copies of drivers’ licences or driver licence numbers Less than 4% was copies of passports or passport numbers Less than 1% was Medicare numbers As our review deepens to include non-customer originating platforms and historical customer information, we are likely to uncover more stolen information affecting both current and past Latitude customers and applicants. We will provide a further update when we have more information to share.  Latitude encourages our customers to remain vigilant. We will never contact customers requesting their passwords.  From today, Latitude will commence contacting customers and applicants who have so far been impacted by this criminal act, having already written to all our customers on Thursday 16 March 2023 to alert them to the cyber-attack.  Latitude will confirm to each impacted customer and applicant what personal information has been stolen, what we are doing to support them and what additional steps customers should consider taking to further protect their information. This includes Latitude working with relevant agencies to replace identification documents, where necessary, at no cost to our customers.  We have engaged IDCARE to help support those impacted. IDCARE is a not-for profit organisation and Australia and New Zealand’s national incident response service specialising in providing free, confidential cyber incident information and assistance. Impacted customers and applicants will be able to contact IDCARE during business hours on 1800 595 160.  As of today, Latitude has established dedicated contact centres for impacted customers in Australia and New Zealand to answer queries, as well as a dedicated help page on our website to keep customers and partners fully informed of developments.  Once the cyber-attack is contained, Latitude commits to a review of this incident. This review will help Latitude to most effectively safeguard our customers, partners and platforms, while contributing to the continued fight against cyber-crime on Australian businesses.  Latitude is still assessing the anticipated total cost to it of this incident, including the cost to Latitude of the support we intend to provide our customers as described in this announcement.  Latitude maintains insurance policies to cover risks, including cyber security risks, and we have notified our insurers in respect of the incident.  Latitude Financial Services CEO Ahmed Fahour said: “I sincerely apologise to our customers and partners for the distress and inconvenience this criminal act has caused. I understand fully the wider concern that this cyber-attack has created within the community.  “Our focus is on protecting the ongoing security of our customers, partners and employees’ personal and identity information, while also doing everything we can to support customers and applicants who have had information stolen.  “While we continue to deliver transactional services, some functionality has been affected resulting in disruption. We are working extremely hard to restore full services to our customers and merchant partners and thank them for their patience and support. We understand their frustration. Customers should refer to Latitude’s website for regular updates.”  Media contact Mark Gardy Mark.Gardy@latitudefinancial.com +61 412 376 817  Latitude strongly advises all Australian and New Zealand citizens to regulary change passwords of important financial accounts.  There are immediate precautions that you can take to protect your identity and personal information:  You can contact one of Australia’s three credit reporting bodies to obtain your credit report so you can confirm if your identity has been used to obtain credit without your knowledge. You can also request the credit reporting bodies to place a credit ban on your credit file via their website or by contacting them directly. If you intend to apply for a credit ban, please be aware that you will not be able to apply for credit while the ban is in place. Credit Reporting Agency	Website Illion	AU: illion.com.au/credit-report-ban-request/ NZ dbcsprodaecdn.azureedge.net/web/themes/cycnz/ assets/static/SuppressionRequestFormCYCNZ.pdf Equifax	AU www.equifax.com.au/eform/submit/credit-ban NZ equifax.co.nz/credit-file-suppression Experian	experian.com.au/consumer/request-a-ban Centrix	centrix.co.nz/my-credit-score/suppress-your-credit-file/ You can refer to Australian Government information on how you can protect yourself at cyber.gov.au or to Office of the Privacy Commissioner for information on how you can protect yourself at privacy.org.nz  You should be alert for any phishing scams that may be sent via SMS, phone, email or post.  You should always verify the sender of the communications you receive to ensure they are legitimate.  You should never click on links contained in SMS or email messages unless you know they are legitimate.  You should be careful when opening or responding to texts from unknown or suspicious numbers.  You should be careful when answering calls from private numbers or callers originating from unusual geographic locations.  You should regularly update your passwords and ensure you are using strong passwords. Also use multi-factor authentication where possible.","(21, 21, 0.9828301043737502, 0.9826965956460862)"
Meriton Suites,29/03/2023,2023,"Up-to-date information to help you understand and navigate the recent cyber attack impacting Meriton.  Last updated: Wednesday 29 March 2023  When did the cyber incident occur?  On Saturday 14 January 2023, Meriton identified that it had been subject to a cyber security incident.  What did Meriton do to address the cyber incident?  Since that time, Meriton has been working closely alongside leading cyber-security and forensic IT professionals, and taking all available steps to protect against future risk to data and prevent recurrence. This has included implementing enhanced cyber security measures to protect Meriton’s network as well as extensive network monitoring so that Meriton can quickly identify and respond to any future issues.  Meriton takes information security and privacy very seriously and has allocated significant resources to manage its response. Meriton has notified the Australian Cyber Security Centre and the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) of the incident, and will continue to liaise with relevant government agencies as required.    What has the OAIC advised in relation to the cyber incident?  As a result of the measures taken by Meriton, the OAIC closed its file on Monday 20 March 2023.  How many people were potentially affected by the data breach?  1,889 people were potentially affected by the incident.  Who was potentially affected?  Affected individuals include guests, as well as past and present employees of Meriton Suites that have received a notification letter from Meriton.  Each individual potentially affected by the incident has been personally notified.  How much data was potentially taken?  Meriton’s forensic analysis team identified 35.6GB of data to be potentially impacted by the incident, very little of the data was PID related or sensitive information.  How do I know if my personal information was affected by the data breach?  Meriton has personally notified all individuals potentially affected by the incident, who have received tailored advice in respect to recommended steps that should be taken.  There is no evidence that this cyber incident was directed towards any specific individual, and Meriton’s investigation has revealed no evidence that affected individuals have had their information misused.  What do I do if I received a notification letter from Meriton?  You should carefully read the notification letter issued to you as it provides tailored advice in respect to the recommended steps that you should take.  As there is no evidence that any information has been misused, it is recommended that each affected individual remains vigilant against online or telephone-based scams from third party individuals or organisations claiming to be from Meriton or elsewhere.   Do not respond to any email, telephone or social media communications that you consider suspicious and if you are unsure, call the sender of the communication to confirm their legitimacy. Do not provide any personal information or transfer money to any unknown party.  If I am an affected individual, has a third party obtained my personal information?  There is no evidence that affected individuals have had their information misused, nor that any information has been released into the public realm.  What if I did not receive a notification letter from Meriton?  If you did not receive a notification letter from Meriton, you are not an affected individual and your information has not been impacted.  Has my health information been obtained?  Hotel incident reports may have been breached, which only include information regarding your health at the time of the incident (such as any injury sustained in the incident).  Have any of the affected individuals had their identity stolen?  Meriton understands that no affected individual has been the victim of identity theft or fraud.  I have stayed at Meriton Suites in the past, was my information stolen?  Meriton’s hotel guest database for all past, present and future hotel guests was NOT compromised. Guest data was not stolen. The guest information that may have been have been affected relates to incident reports.  Was my credit card compromised?  The guest database for Meriton Suites hotel guests was not compromised. That database securely encrypts credit card information at all times.  As the hotel database was not attacked there was no guest details compromised form this source.  No credit card details were stolen or compromised.  Who can I talk to if I have further questions?  If you have any questions after reading the FAQs section, please contact us anytime via email at compliance@meritonsuites.com.au or by calling +61 2 9277 1173 between 9:00am to 5:00pm AEDT.","(17, 27, 0.9820621820057139, 0.9878648144227488)"
Service NSW,03/04/2023,2023,"Dear   Notification of a privacy incident I am writing to inform you that some personal information viewable in your MyServiceNSW Account dashboard may have been exposed to another MyServiceNSW account holder during a 90 minute period of time on 20 March 2023.  I can confirm this was not a cyber-attack and Service NSW believes that any risk of harm presented by this incident is very low.  Service NSW takes the privacy of our customers very seriously and I apologise that this incident has occurred. What happened? On 20 March 2023, Service NSW released an update to the ‘My services’ dashboard in the MyServiceNSW Account. Unfortunately, the update resulted in some customers’ information being visible to other customers who were logged in to MyServiceNSW Account between 1:20pm and 2:54pm. This issue was isolated to the website only, during this period no issues were identified with the Service NSW Mobile Application.  Our records show that you were logged in during this time. This means that you may have seen other people’s personal information, or that other people may have seen your personal information in error. The personal information was not searchable. Since become aware of the incident, Service NSW has undertaken a detailed investigation to understand the scope of the incident and the risks arising from it. In this case, I have reason to believe it was an isolated incident that only impacted customers that were logged in at the time. What information was exposed? The following services can be linked to a MyServiceNSW Account and were displaying incorrect information to customers logged in during the time period:  •	Drive Licence •	Vehicle Registration •	Active Kids •	Creative Kids •	Dine Discover •	Stay Voucher •	First Lap Voucher •	Before and After School Care Voucher •	Parents NSW Voucher •	Back to School Voucher •	Seniors Card •	Conveyancing Individual Licence If you have linked these transactions to your MyServiceNSW Account, the personal information included may have been visible to another user logged in during the above time period. The personal information that may have been visible for each of these linked services includes: •	Drive Licence o	Name o	Licence number o	Demerit points o	Conditions o	Address o	Email o	Mobile •	Vehicle Registration o	Name o	CTP insurance (Expiry, Insurer, Insurer Code) o	Address o	Email o	Mobile •	Active Kids o	Child name •	Creative Kids o	Child name •	First Lap Voucher o	Child name •	Before and After School Care Voucher o	Child name •	Seniors Card o	Name o	Card number •	Conveyancing Individual Licence o	Name o	Licence number What should you do? You do not need to take any immediate action. We believe that any personal information available through your linked services was only available to another logged-in individual for a short period of time and was not searchable. However, we are contacting you out of caution so you can be aware of this error and its potential impact on your information. Service NSW always recommends that our customers remain vigilant to any suspicious communications or activity they may receive. We have a dedicated resource that details some of the steps individuals can take to identity and act on identity theft, scams and cyber crime https://www.service.nsw.gov.au/transaction/report-identity-theft-scams-or-cybercrime.  What support is available to you if required? For more information about this incident or support available to you, call ID Support NSW on 1800 00 10 40. Our team is available Monday to Friday between 9.00am and 5.00pm. When you call, you will need your reference number which is at the top of this notification. Alternatively, you can visit our website and submit a webform enquiry. https://www.nsw.gov.au/contact-id-support ID Support NSW can help by: •	Providing advice on compromised identification documents and how to restore the security of your identity •	Guiding you on how to keep your personal identity information safe •	Sharing options for additional support and counselling services. Service NSW acknowledges that being notified about any possible disclosure of information can cause anguish and apologise for any distress and inconvenience you may experience due to this notification.  You can provide feedback or submit a general complaint to Service NSW in writing by visiting https://www.service.nsw.gov.au/contact-us/customer-complaints. You have the right to submit a formal privacy complaint to Service NSW. These complaints are also referred to as a privacy internal review and are made under the Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998 (PPIP Act). To request a privacy internal review, please submit your complaint in writing to the Service NSW privacy team privacy@service.nsw.gov.au. You can find more information about privacy internal reviews by visiting the NSW Information and Privacy Commission (IPC) fact sheet at www.ipc.nsw.gov.au/privacy-complaints-your-review-rights. You may also choose to submit a complaint directly to the IPC. Service NSW has made the IPC aware of this incident as part of this notification process. Yours sincerely Greg Wells Chief Executive Officer Service NSW","(15, 20, 0.9929550766944886, 0.9961538046598435)"
TAFE South Australia,04/04/2023,2023,"TAFE SA was informed by SAPOL that they had seized devices containing electronic scanned copies of TAFE SA student identification forms. These forms contain copies of a student’s proof of identity used for enrolment, including credentials such as driver’s licences and passports.  A forensic investigation commissioned by TAFE SA identified that the data breach occurred prior to December 2021.  We are deeply disappointed that this breach occurred and our investigation into how it took place is ongoing.  While TAFE SA’s investigation is continuing, security measures are being increased with access to the system that holds the Student ID Forms being restricted, ensuring access is only provided for business-critical functions.  Once copies of the breached data were provided to TAFE SA, a dedicated team was implemented to extract, analyse and verify the complex data in order to notify impacted students as quickly as possible.  The response team has completed its work and communication has been sent directly to impacted individuals.  A range of strategies and resources, including dedicated support from IDCARE, has been implemented to help impacted students. .  We appreciate the concern this may cause. TAFE SA takes its responsibility for protecting personal data seriously and is committed to keeping student data protected and safe.  Reimbursement for credential replacement SA driver's licence, learner's permit and or proof age card SA Government has announced they will waive the cost of replacing an SA driver’s licence, learner’s permit and/or proof of age card of students impacted by this breach. Please visit the Services SA website for more information.  To obtain a fee waiver for a replacement SA licence, proof of age card and/or learner’s permit, you need to attend in person at a Service SA Centre and present details from TAFE SA to the person serving you as evidence of your right for a fee waiver.  Locations can be found on the Services SA website.  You can also apply for a replacement licence online if you have, or set-up, a mySAGOV account. If you choose this option, you will need to pay the fee and then apply to be reimbursed by TAFE SA using this reimbursement form.  Interstate/International driver’s licence, learner’s permit and/or proof of age card If you choose to replace your Interstate/International driver’s licence, learner’s permit and/or proof of age card, TAFE SA will reimburse you for your renewal fee. You will need to pay the fee and then apply to be reimbursed by TAFE SA using this reimbursement form.  Passport (Australian and/or International) You can get advice and support by contacting IDCARE or phoning toll free in Australia on 1800 595 160. If you choose to replace your passport, TAFE SA will reimburse you for your renewal fee. You will need to pay the fee and then apply to be reimbursed by TAFE SA using this reimbursement form.  Frequently Asked Questions  I’m a TAFE SA student. How do I know if my personal data was part of this data breach? TAFE SA has contacted all impacted students to notify them of the incident and advise them of the support available to them. If your data was involved, even if it had expired, you would have been contacted by us. If you were not contacted, your data was not involved. Any bounce back emails to students will be followed up with phone calls to ensure information about the breach reaches impacted students.   How many people were impacted by this data breach? The confirmed number of impacted students is 2,224.  What personal information was exposed in the breach? The TAFE SA student identification forms involved in the breach contain:  TAFE SA Student ID Number Course details Full Name Date of Birth Physical Address Copies of a student’s proof of identity, such as driver's licences and passports.  When and how did the breach happen? We are deeply disappointed that this breach occurred and our investigation into how it occurred is ongoing.  What support is available to students? To provide dedicated support to impacted students, TAFE SA has engaged IDCARE, an identity and cyber support service, to work with impacted students about their data security and any steps they should take as a result of this matter. Impacted students received an email with a code to use when contacting IDCARE. Impacted students are also able to access TAFE SA Student Counselling Services if required.  What steps have you taken to protect student personal data? TAFE SA has commissioned an auditor to undertake a review of TAFE SA’s current student identification verification process to assess for risks and vulnerabilities. While the investigation is continuing TAFE SA is restricting access to the system that holds the Student ID Forms ensuring access is only provided for business-critical functions.  Is my data safe with TAFE SA? An independent forensic analysis has occurred and an auditor is reviewing current processes to determine if any improvements can be made to current processes and systems. While the investigation is continuing TAFE SA is restricting access to the system that holds the Student ID Forms ensuring access is only provided for business-critical functions.  What should I do to protect myself from being scammed? There are some simple steps you can take to reduce your risk of fraudulent activity:  Keep a close eye on banking and superannuation accounts. Protect accounts with multi-factor authentication. Be alert to any emails, text messages or unsolicited calls from people requesting personal or account information, including access to devices – do not respond to any requests until you have made your own enquiries with the organisation they claim to be from. Use complex passwords on all services. If you observe any anomalies or suspicious activity, report it to:  The relevant organisation (e.g., financial institution) Scamwatch Australian Cyber Security Centre Services Australia. In addition, we have contacted impacted students and strongly recommended that they contact IDCARE, Australia’s national identity and cyber support community service, to discuss their personal circumstances and determine the appropriate steps to protect their personal information.  Have TAFE SA’s systems been compromised? A forensic investigation commissioned by TAFE SA found there was no evidence that indicates this breach occurred from an external source or that TAFE SA network systems were illegally accessed.      Will I be informed if my personal information has been compromised? On Tuesday 4 April, 2023, TAFE SA emailed all impacted students to notify them of the incident and advise them of the support available to them. If your data was involved, even if it had expired, you would have received an email from us or a follow up phone call. If you did not receive an email or call, your data was not involved.  What support is available for high-risk or vulnerable people – e.g., victims of domestic violence? TAFE SA has partnered with cybersecurity support service, IDCARE, to support impacted students with a specific response plan and provide personal support throughout the process at no cost. IDCARE is highly experienced in supporting high-risk and vulnerable people with matters of this kind.  What should I do if I see unusual activity on my financial account? Monitor your financial accounts for unauthorised transactions and unusual activity. If you identify anything of concern, contact your financial institutions as soon as possible.  Financial institutions can provide advice on the actions that will be taken to identify and investigate unauthorised transactions and unusual activity.  TAFE SA has partnered with cybersecurity support service, IDCARE, who can develop a specific response plan and provide personal support throughout the process – at no cost to employees.","(32, 33, 0.9919390082359314, 0.985614993355491)"
Amnesty International Australia,28/04/2023,2023,"Amnesty International Australia (AIA) working together with the Australian Cyber Security Centre (ACSC) identified potential anomalous activity within the AIA IT environment late last year.  As soon as AIA became aware of the activity on 3 December 2022, we immediately activated our incident response plan and engaged leading external cyber security and forensic IT advisors to help determine if any unauthorised access to our IT environment had occurred.  We also acted quickly to ensure the AIA IT environment was secure and contained, put additional security measures in place and commenced an extensive investigation.  The investigation is now complete and identified that an unauthorised third-party gained temporary access to our IT environment. In the course of this investigation, we identified that some low-risk information relating to individuals who made donations in 2019 was accessed.  None of the information accessed meets the criteria or threshold for notification under the Notifiable Data Breaches Scheme in the Privacy Act and our investigation found no evidence that any information has been or will be misused.  This cyber event was limited to Amnesty International Australia and did not affect any other branches of the wider organisation.  AIA takes cyber security very seriously and has applied enhanced cyber-security measures to prevent any recurrence. We will continue to update and modify our systems to meet the latest cyber threats as they emerge.  We will also continue to liaise with the Australian Cyber Security Centre (and our external cyber security advisors) to draw upon their advice and expertise as the Australian Government’s lead agency for cyber-security.  We would like to take this opportunity to assure our community there is no evidence that any of the low-risk information has been (or will be) misused. We do however urge all our community to remain vigilant and utilise the free educational tools available on the www.cyber.gov.au website which provides detailed guidance on how to protect yourself online and from phishing and cyber-related scams which are sadly on the rise.  We are disappointed that this cyber event occurred and sincerely thank the community for their ongoing support as we continue our important work to advance human rights across Australia and the Asia-Pacific.","(7, 6, 0.997685968875885, 0.9921911060810089)"
Dr Felix Chan,10/05/2023,2023,"On Monday, 1 May, I became aware that IT systems attached to my practice had been impacted by a cyber incident.  In response, I took immediate action to safeguard patients and contain the incident by engaging external cyber security experts, and I am actively working with the NSW government and other regulators.  I understand that this news will be concerning to current and former patients, and I apologise for the distress and uncertainty that patients may be feeling.  My number one priority is ongoing medical care and support of my patients.  Disruption to patient care has been minimal.  Cyber security specialists are working around the clock to ensure that the practice’s systems are secure, to determine how this incident began, and to identify which patients may have had their personal information compromised.  If you have any concerns or questions, please contact ID Support on 1800 001 040, 9am and 5pm, Monday to Friday or visit their website, https://www.nsw.gov.au/id-support-nsw  I will continue to provide updated information to our patients, and the broader community as the investigation continues.  Prof Felix Chan","(6, 2, 0.9951390027999878, 0.9903295636177063)"
Ambulance Victoria,19/05/2023,2023,"On Thursday 11 May 2023 Ambulance Victoria (AV) was made aware that documents containing personal information of some current and prospective employees was accessible to other AV employees on the AV intranet.  The documents contained the alcohol and other drug testing results of approximately 600 job applicants undertaken between May 2017 and October 2018. The documents included first name, last name, date of test, results (negative or non-negative, which meant further testing was required) and, where applicable, the class of drug detected and whether AV standards were met or further lab results required.  AV is committed to protecting the privacy of our people and our patients and we are extremely concerned that this personal and health information had been inadvertently accessible on the AV intranet. We recognise the distress this may cause all affected individuals and the public and we unreservedly apologise.  For our patients, we want to reassure you that information you provide us during treatment is safe and protected, and not involved.  All AV employees were notified on 11 May 2023, and AV has contacted current employees directly impacted. As the data included information for prospective employees, we are in the process of contacting anyone who is not a current AV employee. All affected people will be provided with wellbeing and support services, as required.  Our investigation shows the documents have been accessed only a handful of times in the past six months. The documents were not directly accessible to anyone outside the organisation and there is no evidence of them being shared outside AV.  AV immediately removed access to these documents and commenced an investigation including an access audit. Our investigation continues but the documents appear to have been made accessible by error.  AV self-reported this matter to both the Office of the Victorian Information Commissioner and the Health Complaints Commissioner, and we have undertaken to keep them appraised of developments as they arise.  We can confirm that such information is currently handled in accordance with our obligations under the Health Records Act 2001 (Vic) and the Privacy and Data Protection Act 2014 (Vic) and we have taken steps to ensure it does not happen again.    If you believe you have been impacted, have any questions or would like wellbeing support as a result of this privacy breach, please contact enquiriesworkplacerelations@ambulance.vic.gov.au in the first instance.","(9, 7, 0.9909752408663431, 0.9968015040670123)"
NT Health,26/05/2023,2023,"NT Health and the Department of Corporate and Digital Development (DCDD) have been working to develop a new health digital system, Acacia. Acacia is replacing six ageing health systems and will transform the way patient care is delivered.  Implementing Acacia requires the transfer of patient data from old systems to the new Acacia system.  In 2018 and 2019, as part of the initial design process, example reports, forms and other documents existing within the ageing systems were required. Unfortunately, some of the clinical documents supplied contained identifiable information.  The issue was identified and immediate steps were taken to identify, contain and remove records with identifiable health information exchanged between officers working on Acacia, including two government agencies and one contractor, Intersystems.  NT Health patients are advised:  All records shared containing identifiable data were located, quarantined and deleted. At no time were records stored outside Australia. The data share of records was not related to a software security issue or a cyber security compromise – the information has not been accessed by a malicious actor. InterSystems contractors work within the Acacia project team and operate within extensive confidentiality and information privacy requirements that are also codified in commercial contracts. InterSystems staff working on Acacia operate within Australia. NT Health data and systems are protected by NT Government information and communication technology (ICT) controls and stored in Australia. Additional controls have been put in place to strengthen data governance of receipt of data to the Acacia project. There is no ongoing risk to any individual and Territorians can be assured their health data is protected by NT Government ICT controls.  Any person with concerns about privacy protections in relation to health records can contact the NT Health Information and Privacy Unit at infoprivacyhealth.ths@nt.gov.au.  More information regarding privacy complaints to NT Health can be found on the freedom of information page or you can submit your feedback on the DCDD website.  NT Health offers its apologies for any distress this may have caused and reiterates that every step has been taken to reduce the possibility of any reoccurrence.","(12, 5, 0.9962041179339091, 0.9898571848869324)"
PwC,29/05/2023,2023,"I want to apologise on behalf of PwC Australia. For sharing confidential government tax policy information and for betraying the trust placed in us.  Specifically, I apologise to the community; to the Australian government for breaching your confidentiality; to our clients for any questions this may have raised about our integrity and trustworthiness; and to the 10,000 hard-working, values-driven PwC Australia partners and staff who have been unfairly impacted.  Although investigations are still underway, we know enough about what went wrong to acknowledge that this situation was completely unacceptable. No amount of words can make it right. But I am fully committed to taking all necessary actions to re-earn the trust of our stakeholders. And, as we work through this process, I am committed to being fully transparent.  Our previously announced investigation, supported by external counsel, is well underway and so I wanted to set out what we know so far, explain the steps we have taken and are committed to take, and address some of the questions that remain about what happened.  What happened  We failed in three ways.  First, there was a clear lack of respect for confidentiality. A former PwC Australia tax partner, Peter Collins, breached confidentiality in connection with tax consultations with the Department of Treasury and the Board of Tax in which he participated. Contrary to the obligations he undertook with the government, as well as PwC policy and values, he shared information with certain PwC Australia personnel and a limited number of overseas PwC personnel.  Second, PwC Australia did not have adequate processes and governance in place. There was poor decision making. The breach of confidentiality exposed weaknesses in our culture and processes. What is evident now, is that we failed to conduct an appropriate root cause investigation and thorough assessment of accountability for both the conduct at issue and the culture that allowed the underlying conduct to occur. That was the result of a failure of leadership and governance. This is deeply regrettable and has led us to where we are today.  Third, we had a culture at the time in our tax business that both allowed inappropriate behaviour and has not, until now, always properly held our leaders and those involved to account. At the time this occurred, there was a culture of aggressive marketing in our tax business. Over a period, this aggressive behavior and drive for growth permeated certain parts of our leadership and allowed for profit to be placed over purpose. Our governance process failed to identify and keep this in check.  What we are doing about it  In 2021, PwC Australia commissioned a review of the effectiveness of our tax governance and internal control framework, which was conducted by former Australian Taxation Office (ATO) official Bruce Quigley. The ATO participated in this review and all recommendations were implemented, including prohibiting market facing partners from participating in confidential tax consultations.  However, it is clear, in hindsight, that PwC Australia did too little too late.  As we have commenced our broad investigation to determine root causes, we have taken the following actions over the last few weeks:  Tom Seymour stood down as CEO on 8 May 2023; Two Executive Board members have stood down from their leadership positions; We commenced a comprehensive investigation, with the assistance of external counsel, into who may have shared or misused confidential information in connection with these matters; On 15 May 2023, we announced that Dr Ziggy Switkowski AO will lead an independent review of the firm’s governance, accountability and culture; and Tony O’Malley, a PwC partner and legal and governance expert, was appointed on 15 May as Chief Risk and Ethics Leader for PwC Australia. He will have responsibility for all aspects of risk and ethics at the firm and will help lead the implementation of the independent review’s findings. My team and I are committed to taking any and all further action to enhance accountability, governance, and culture. To that end, we are announcing the following additional actions:  Accountability  PwC Australia has directed 9 partners to go on leave, effective immediately, pending the outcome of our ongoing investigation. This includes members of the firm’s Executive Board and Governance Board. Governance  Two independent, non-executive directors will be appointed to PwC Australia’s Governance Board and this process is underway. External board members will bring independent, outside-in perspective and objectivity to the firm’s governance. In addition, the Chairs of the Governance Board and its designated risk committee have decided to step down from their respective roles. These decisions are in addition to the leadership actions already announced. PwC Australia has commenced a process to ringfence the provision of services to Federal Government Departments and Agencies to enhance our controls to prevent conflicts of interest. We are moving to quickly establish separate governance and oversight arrangements for the business by the end of September. It will cover all services to Federal Government Departments and Agencies, include people, operations and governance within its perimeter and be operationally ringfenced from other businesses within PwC Australia. The business will have a standalone Executive and Governance Board who will have the responsibility to consider the strategic options for the business. This will establish independence and enhance controls relating to confidentiality and conflicts. PwC will consult with the Australian government on these arrangements including timing and process. Transparency  After listening to our stakeholders, we will publish Dr Ziggy Switkowski’s report and recommendations, in full, at the conclusion of the Independent Review in September. Correcting misunderstandings  There is no excuse for breaching confidentiality. However, I want to address two important points.  First, I fully understand and acknowledge the calls for PwC to release the names of the individuals in the emails released by the Senate on 2 May 2023. There has been an assumption by some that all those whose names have been redacted must necessarily be involved in wrongdoing. That is incorrect. Based on our ongoing investigation, we believe that the vast majority of the recipients of these emails are neither responsible for, nor were knowingly involved in any confidentiality breach. We have and will continue to take appropriate action against anyone who is found to have breached confidentiality or failed in their leadership duties.  Secondly, in relation to the breach of confidentiality, our clients were not involved in any wrongdoing and no confidential information was used to enable clients to pay less tax.  Let me close by again apologising for our breach of trust. I have worked at PwC for my whole career, and this has been personally and professionally devastating for me and my colleagues at PwC. I am fully committed to doing everything it takes to make the wrongs of our past right, and to re-earn your trust.  Yours sincerely,  Kristin Stubbins Acting Chief Executive, PwC Australia","(27, 26, 0.995477177478649, 0.9967406048224523)"
Toyota,31/05/2023,2023,"On May 12, Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC) announced ""Apology and Notice Concerning Potential Data Leakage of of Customer Information Due to Misconfiguration of Cloud Environment (Japanese only)"" Subsequently, we conducted an investigation for all cloud environments managed by TOYOTA Connected Corporation (TC). It was further discovered that a part of the data containing customer information had been potentially accessible externally. We would like to inform you of the incident that has been identified as of today.  As we believe that this incident also was caused by insufficient dissemination and enforcement of data handling rules, since our last announcement, we have implemented a system to monitor cloud configurations. Currently, the system is in operation to check the settings of all cloud environments and to monitor the settings on an ongoing basis. In addition, we will work closely again with TC to explain and thoroughly enforce the rules for data handling. We will also work to prevent a recurrence by thoroughly educating our employees once again. We sincerely apologize to our customers and all relevant parties for any concern and inconvenience this may have caused.  We have also investigated whether, with this incident, there was any secondary use or if third-party copies remain on the Internet, and no evidence of such has been found. At present, we have not confirmed any secondary damage. (Vehicle location, credit card information, etc., are not included in this incident)  The incidents are as follows.  Domestic service incidents in Japan In-vehicle device IDs―identification numbers for each in-vehicle device (navigation terminal)―, map data updates, and updated data creation dates used for distribution data creation of the in-vehicle navigation terminal map data distributing system were potentially accessible externally. (Services using this system have already been terminated) Even if accessed externally, these data alone cannot reveal and identify any individual customer. In addition, these data cannot be used to access or in any way affect the vehicle. Customer information that may have been potentially accessible externally	In-Vehicle device ID, map data updates, updated data creation dates Map information and its creation date, not vehicle location. Impacted Customers	 Customers who subscribed to G-BOOK with a G-BOOK mX or G-BOOK mX Pro compatible navigation system Some customers who subscribed to G-Link / G-Link Lite*1 and renewed their Maps on Demand service between February 9, 2015 and March 31, 2022. Totalapprox. 260,000 customers *1 Impacted Vehicles Vehicle	Period of time it was on sale LS	October 2009 - September 2014 GS	September 2009 - August 2014 HS	July 2009 - July 2015 IS	July 2009 - August 2013 IS F	December 2007 - May 2014 IS C	May 2009 - July 2014 LFA	December 2010 - December 2012 SC	August 2009 - July 2010 CT	January 2011 - December 2013 RX	January 2009 - September 2015 Period that the cloud environments were potentially accessible externally	February 9, 2015 - May 12, 2023 In principle, the above customer information is automatically deleted from the cloud environment within a short period of time after the map data is distributed and is not continuously stored or accumulated during the above period. Customers whose information may have been leaked will receive a separate apology and notification to their registered e-mail addresses beginning today. In addition, a dedicated call center will be set up to answer any questions or concerns from customers.  Overseas service incidents Some of the files that TC manages in the cloud environment for overseas dealers' maintenance and investigation of systems were potentially accessible externally due to a misconfiguration. After this matter was discovered, we took steps to block access from outside the company. Customer information that may have been potentially accessible externally	Address, Name, Phone number, Email address, Customer ID, Vehicle registration number, Vehicle Identification Number For impacted customers, not all but some of the above information is included depending on the inquiry file. Regions	Some countries in Asia and Oceania (Japan is not included) Period that the site was potentially accessible externally	October 2016 - May 2023 We will deal with the case in each country in accordance with the personal information protection laws and related regulations of each country.  Inquiries from applicable customers in Japan (Dedicated Call Center) Customer information consultation desk 0120-502-435 (Toll-free; Hours: 9:00 A.M. to 6:00 P.M., weekdays, weekends, and holidays) Please double-check the number before calling  TC publication regarding this matter https://company.toyotaconnected.co.jp/news/press/2023/0531/ (Japanese only)","(10, 15, 0.9934156000614166, 0.990178112188975)"
Smartpay,16/06/2023,2023,"Smartpay Holdings Limited (NZX: SPY/ASX: SMP) is investigating a cyber security incident.   On Saturday, 10 June 2023, Smartpay discovered that it was experiencing a ransomware cyber incident affecting some systems in New Zealand.   In response to this incident, Smartpay took immediate steps to contain the incident, engaged cyber security specialists, CyberCX, and are working with the relevant government authorities.  On Friday, 16 June 2023, our ongoing investigation confirmed that criminals have stolen information pertaining to a group of customers in Australia and New Zealand from our New Zealand systems.  Understanding the contents and extent of that data theft is now the highest priority of our investigation.  As we continue to respond to this incident, we are prioritising the safety and security of our systems and services to our customers. Smartpay's customers can continue to use our payment platforms and terminals as normal.  Smartpay does not collect or store individual cardholder information or details as part of our transaction processing.   Although there is nothing that our customers need to do at this time, our people will be in touch with any Smartpay customers directly if they may be impacted by this incident.   Investor contact: Martyn Pomeroy +64 273 012 427  Media contact: Jordan Newnham +61 410 308 896","(5, 5, 0.9954930186271668, 0.992748475074768)"
HWL Ebsworth,21/06/2023,2023,"The following contains an overview of the recent cyber incident experienced by HWL Ebsworth, what we have done and are continuing to do in response to the incident and how you can get in touch if you are impacted.  WHAT HAPPENED On Friday 28 April 2023, we became aware that a threat actor identified as ALPHV/BlackCat made a post on a dark web forum claiming to have exfiltrated data from HWL Ebsworth.  Upon becoming aware of this threat, HWL Ebsworth immediately engaged McGrathNicol to investigate the incident and undertake containment and remediation actions.  The investigation indicates the threat actor had accessed and exfiltrated certain information on a confined part of the firm’s system, but not on our core document management system.  On 9 June 2023, we became aware that the threat actor had published on their dark web forum at least some of the data they claim to have taken.  The privacy and security of our client and employee data remains of the utmost importance to us.  WHAT WE ARE DOING We continue to be engaged in a comprehensive investigation into the nature and extent of the impact of the incident with the assistance of leading external cyber security experts. We are conducting a detailed and comprehensive review of the impacted data and informing impacted third parties and individuals as swiftly as we can.  We have an ongoing engagement with relevant authorities in relation to this process, including the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner, the Australian Cyber Security Centre and law enforcement agencies in their ongoing investigation into the incident.  We will continue to provide relevant updates to staff, clients, regulators and other stakeholders, and provide support to those impacted.  FOR INDIVIDUALS As we work through the data, if you are an individual who we identify as having had relevant personal information impacted, you will be contacted either by HWLE or by the particular client organisation of HWLE with whom you have a relationship. That communication will provide details about any affected personal information and the support being made available to you. This includes access to identity theft counselling and credit monitoring in appropriate cases.  HOW TO CONTACT US If you have been impacted and have any queries, including in relation to the support that is available, please email hwlecyberhelp@hwle.com.au.  We thank our staff and clients for their ongoing patience and support as we continue to work through the incident.","(12, 3, 0.9941132068634033, 0.9930709004402161)"
Aristocrat,04/08/2023,2023,"Aristocrat confirms it experienced a cyber incident around 1 June 2023, whereby a criminal hacker exploited a newly identified (zero day) vulnerability in third-party file sharing software (MOVEit) used by the company.  The hacker extracted data from a company server, including personal information belonging to Aristocrat employees and other data. Aristocrat is aware of reports that the criminals have now published extracts of the stolen data online. Aristocrat upholds high probity standards and takes the privacy and security of all personal data seriously. Aristocrat has taken comprehensive steps since becoming aware of the incident, including:  immediately containing the incident and remedying the MOVEit software vulnerability; notifying relevant law enforcement, required gaming and other regulatory authorities; working with the support of independent experts to determine what data was exfiltrated, implement mitigations and uphold our obligations; and advising all Aristocrat employees globally and offering complimentary credit monitoring and identity theft protection services. Aristocrat has completed its risk assessment of any potential impact to its business arising from this incident. Based on the information available as at this date, Aristocrat expects low business impact with the execution of an appropriate risk management and mitigation plan. We will continue to manage this incident proactively and comprehensively, in the best interests of our people, business and other stakeholders.  Further information:   Investors: James Coghill General Manager, Investor Relations  Mobile: (61) 412 426 272  james.coghill@aristocrat.com   Media: Peter Brookes  Citadel Magnus  Mobile: (61) 407 911 389  pbrookes@citadelmagnus.com","(5, 4, 0.9783428907394409, 0.9963050782680511)"
